> [!info] Source
> [Original post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JHX3bMxnIIct8MSZnXkyqpmhYKLPt8p8HY9FUcXKUNE/preview#heading=h.q43g3mmjggqv)
## Game System Changes:

1. Fast travel can now be performed while in combat.
2. Fast travel can now be performed while in dungeons.
3. Map cursor speed has been increased.
4. Crafting materials will be auto-looted when you get near them.
5. All characters have inherent FP regeneration of 1 FP per second.
6. Vigor scaling has been adjusted to give more HP in the early game.
7. Defeating any boss will activate the Rune Arc effect.
8. A boss refight system is available on the ground floor of Roundtable Hold that will allow the player to fight any remembrance boss that they have previously defeated. 
9. The status effects of the game have been changed:
    - Scarlet Rot - Deals less damage over its duration.
	- Poison - Deals more damage over its duration.
	- Deathblight - Now affects all enemies - Lowers the target’s resistance to status effects by 50% and lowers the target’s absorption by 20% for 20 seconds.
	- Madness - Now affects all enemies - Deals 6% of total HP as damage on target upon proc and the target deals 20% less damage for 20 seconds afterwards.
	- Frostbite - Initial HP loss on proc has been lowered to 6% from 10%.
	- Bleed - HP loss has been lowered to 9% from 15% per proc.
	- Sleep - For 20 seconds after proc, reduces the damage the target deals and increases the damage the target receives. (Most enemies, even if they have no sleep animation will still receive sleep procs.)
10. The great runes have been redesigned:
1. Godrick’s Great Rune - 

Increases Total HP by 10% and increases runes gained by 10%.

2. Radahn’s Great Rune -

Increases total HP by 10% and increases Endurance by 5.

3. Rykard’s Great Rune -

Increases total HP by 20%

4. Morgott’s Great Rune -

Increases total HP by 10% and Mind by 5.

5. Mohg’s Great Rune -

Increases total HP by 10% and adds passive HP regeneration.

6. Malenia’s Great Rune -

Increases total HP by 10% and each melee hit you deal recovers HP.

## Progression Changes:

1. You begin the game with the Spectral Steed Whistle.
2. The first encounter with Melina has been removed.
3. The Melina encounters in Leyndell have been removed except the one after defeating Morgott.
4. All maps are revealed from the start of the game.
5. The Crafting Kit, the Whetstone Knife and the Flask of Wondrous Physick are now found in the room that your character spawns in at the start of the game.
6. All weapon affinities are unlocked at the start of the game.
7. All talisman slots are unlocked at the start of the game.
8. All characters start with 3 spell slots.
9. Area scaling of the game has been adjusted in numerous ways to better support a more open-world model.
10. Each flask reinforcement can be done with only one Golden Seed per flask use.
11. All talismans and physick tears are now acquired through a new system found in the grace menu called “Remnant Crafting.” Physick tears are crafted using new items called Physick Remnants which are found on Erdtree Avatars and Erdtree Sentries. Talismans are crafted using other various remnants that are found throughout the world.
12. Each minor Ertree and many other locations now have portals near them. These portals form a new travel system allowing for faster movement across the world. Each portal will activate when the Erdtree Sentry or Erdtree Avatar next to the portal is defeated. You may travel to any other portal from any portal but you cannot travel from a portal until the sentry or avatar is dead. 
13. Ashen Capital is now accessed after burning the Erdtree the first time either with Melina or with the frenzy quest. Defeating Maliketh no longer causes the player to teleport to Ashen Capital.
14. Farum Azula is now accessed two ways. One entrance is via a portal behind the Beast Sanctum in Caelid. The other is via one of the portals at The Four Belfries.
15. Weapon reinforcement has been redesigned: All weapons will now be reinforced to +10 at maximum and the amount of damage and scaling benefit between standard and somber reinforcement are identical. See the tables below for reinforcement details.

Smithing Stone Reinforcement:

|Smithing Stone x 1|+1|
|---|---|

|Smithing Stone x 2|+2|
|---|---|

|Smithing Stone x 3|+3|
|---|---|
|Large Smithing Stone x 1|+4|
|Large Smithing Stone x 2|+5|
|Large Smithing Stone x 3|+6|
|Great Smithing Stone x 1|+7|
|Great Smithing Stone x 2|+8|
|Great Smithing Stone x 3|+9|
|Ancient Smithing Stone x 1|+1

0

|

Somber Stone Reinforcement:

|Somber Stone x 1|+1|
|---|---|

|Somber Stone x 1|+2|
|---|---|

|Somber Stone x 1|+3|
|---|---|
|Large Somber Stone x 1|+4|
|Large Somber Stone x 1|+5|
|Great Somber Stone x 1|+6|
|Great Somber Stone x 1|+7|
|Colossal Somber Stone x 1|+8|
|Colossal Somber Stone x 1|+9|
|Ancient Somber Stone x 1|+1

0

|

16. Gaining access to the Forge of the Giants is now blocked by a portal. The portal can be used only after acquiring all five Keystones of the Forge. Keystones are held by the primary progression bosses in the list below:

First Keystone Bosses:

1. Godrick the Golden
2. Rennala, Queen of the Full Moon
3. Regal Ancestor Spirit

Second Keystone Bosses:

1. General Radahn
2. Rykard, Lord of Blasphemy
3. Astel, Naturalborn of the Void

Third Keystone Bosses:

1. Malenia, Blade of Miquella
2. Mohg, Lord of Blood
3. Lichdragon Fortissax
4. Dragonlord Placidusax

Fourth Keystone Boss:

1. Morgott the Omen King

Fifth Keystone Boss:

1. Maliketh the Black Blade

Only one boss in each Keystone group must be killed in order to get a Keystone, killing multiple bosses in a single group will not drop duplicate Keystones.

17. Entrance to the Academy of Raya Lucaria no longer requires a key.
18. The festival in Redmane Castle can now only be triggered by defeating the boss in the Redmane courtyard.
19. Each class will be teleported to a unique starting location after the first room their character spawns in at the beginning of the game.
20. Summoning spirit ashes now gives the player a debuff that reduces the player’s total HP, FP and SP by a percentage. The percentage reduction is greater depending on the power level of the summon. A spirit ash’s reinforcement level does not affect the strength of the debuff.
21. All medallion lifts are unlocked at the start of the game. The medallions are no longer needed to operate them.
22. Leyndell is now accessible from the start of the game.

## Classes:

1. Vanguard (Str/Dex - Offense) - 

Always at the front lines, this knight was revered for his prowess on the battlefield.

Focus: STR/DEX & Melee Combat

2. Retainer (Str/Dex - Defense) - Castle Morne Rampart Weeping

A loyal and stalwart knight, classically trained in the tradition of sword and shield.

Focus: STR/DEX & Melee Combat

3. Marksman (Str/Dex - Long Range) - 

This experienced hunter is an expert in all long range weaponry.

Focus: STR/DEX & Ranged Combat

4. Berserker (Str - Offense) -
    Hailing from the north and wielding a greataxe, this warrior desires combat above all.

Focus: STR & Melee Combat

5. Dreadnought (Str - Defense) - A warrior clad in heavy armor, standing as a lethal fortress against foes.

Focus: STR & Melee Combat

6. Sellsword (Dex - Offense) -
    A capricious mercenary, displaying expertise in the use of double-bladed weaponry.

Focus: DEX & Melee Combat

7. Rogue (Dex - Defense) -

An assassin and master of tactical combat, this mercenary relies on agility and stealth.

Focus: DEX & Melee Combat

8. Glint Sorcerer (Int - Magic) -

Trained at Raya Lucaria, this sorcerer is a student of Glintstone and Carian sorcery.

Focus: INT & Magic Damage

9. Starcaller (Int/Str - Physical) - 

Obsessed with the otherworldly powers of the cosmos, this mage wields the forces of gravity.

Focus: INT & Physical Damage

10. Underworld Mage (Int/Dex - Lightning) -

Born in the ruins of a fallen empire, this mage employs the frozen lightning of the dragonkin.

Focus: INT & Lightning Damage

11. Volcanist (Int/Fth - Fire) - 

Once a noble of high birth, this scholar is now a devotee of the Volcano Manor.

Focus: INT/FTH & Fire Damage

12. Stormcaller (Int/Fth/Str - Physical) - 

Using techniques lost long ago, this sage controls the power of the wind.

Focus: INT/FTH & Physical Damage

13. Nox Oracle (Int/Fth/Dex - Magic) -

Once a leader from the old empire, this mage seeks to revive the glory of the Nox.

Focus: INT/FTH & Magic Damage 

14. Necromancer (Int/Fth, Summoner - Holy) -

Advocate for those that live in death,this sorcerer calls spirits to their aid.

Focus: INT/FTH & Holy Damage

15. Frost Witch (Int/Arc - Magic) -

A lost student of the witch Renna, this sorcerer utilizes the power of frost.

Focus: INT/ARC & Magic Damage

16. Aberrant Heretic (Int/Arc - Physical) -

Guilty of unspeakable acts, this sorcerer was cast out of society for their crimes.

Focus: INT/ARC & Physical Damage 

17. Flame Prophet (Fth, Offense - Fire) - 

Persecuted for apocalyptic visions, this priest now calls the power of the flame.

Focus: FTH & Fire Damage

18. Fundamentalist (Fth, Defense - Holy) - 

Defender of the Golden Order, this priest remains devoted to the Erdtree.

Focus: FTH & Holy Damage

19. Bestial Devout (Fth/Str - Physical) - 

Wild and unkempt, this monk is capable of conjuring and manipulating stone.

Focus: FTH & Physical Damage

20. Dragon Cultist (Fth/Dex - Lightning) -

Once a knight of Leyndell, this cleric can call down the lightning of the ancients.

Focus: FTH & Lightning Damage

21. Godskin Celebrant(Int/Fth - Holy) - 

Lured by the power of black flame, this priest now searches for the rune of death.

Focus: INT/FTH & Holy Damage

22. Frenzied Zealot (Int/Fth - Fire) -

Consumed by destructive desires, this cleric now chases visions of yellow flame.

Focus: INT/FTH & Fire Damage

23. Blood Initiate (Fth/Arc - Fire) -

An inductee in the service of luminary Mohg, adept in the use of Bloodflame incantations.

Focus: FTH/ARC & Fire Damage 

24. Servant of Rot (Fth/Arc - Physical) - 

A worshiper of the Sealed God and skilled in the powers of rot and corruption.

Focus: FTH/ARC & Physical Damage

25. Mystic (Fth/Arc - Magic) - 

A human raised as an ancestral follower, trained to use spirit vapors and sleep.

Focus: FTH/ARC & Magic Damage

26. Perfumer (Arc - Consumables) -

Once a perfumer of some renown prior to the shattering, specializing in crafting.

Focus: ARC & Crafting

27. Prisoner (RL1) -

A wretched prisoner locked in a dungeon, an inauspicious path.

Focus: None

## Boss Changes:

All boss offense and defense have been adjusted to better suit the new balance of the mod. Boss damage resistances have been dramatically changed. No boss is more than 50% resistant to any single damage type.

1. Margit - Adjusted animations to create more time separation in his melee range combos, also his HP and damage output has been significantly increased.
2. Godrick - Adjusted animations to make him much faster than in base game, also his HP and damage output has been significantly increased.
3. Red Wolf of Radagon - Moved to the Cuckoo’s Evergaol.
4. Bols, Carian Knight - Moved to the Debate Parlour in Raya Lucaria.
5. Rykard - He has been numerically rebalanced to allow a larger variety of strategies to defeat him. The Serpent Hunter has been removed from the game. The lava pool surrounding him no longer causes characters to stagger. His poison spit attack now fires in a narrower spread. His lava wave attack can now be dodged or jumped to avoid it.
6. Crucible Knight and Misbegotten Duo in Redmane - This boss has been replaced with a new boss - Dakk, Starcaller Lord.
7. Godfrey spirit in Erdtree Sanctuary - This boss has been replaced with a new boss - Sigur, Night’s Captain.
8. Runebear in Earthbore Cave - This boss has been replaced with a new boss - Singing Winged Dame.
9. Gideon, the All-Knowing - This boss has been replaced with a new boss - Skarde, Crucible’s Betrayer.
10. Godefroy in Golden Lineage Evergaol - This boss has been replaced with a new boss - Banished Knight Oleg
11. Ancient Dragon Lansseax - Moved to a new location in Farum Azula
12. Lichdragon Fortissax - No longer hidden behind Fia’s questline. Boss will spawn when a character enters the arena.
13. Fia’s Champions - Boss removed
14. Godskin Duo - This boss has been replaced with a new boss - Seera, Blade of the Ancients.
15. Erdtree Sentry - New Boss - Several Ertree Sentries have been added to the game guarding various Erdtree transport portals.
16. Beastman Duo in Dragonbarrow Cave - The throwing knife beastman has been removed from the fight and the other beastman has been buffed to compensate.
17. Cleanrot Knight Duo - The scythe-wielding cleanrot knight has been removed from the fight and the other cleanrot knight has been buffed to compensate.
18. Kindred of Rot Duo - One of the Kindred of Rots has been removed and the other has been buffed to compensate.
19. Soldier of Godrick - This boss has been replaced with a new boss - Bloodhound Knight Gethin
20. Beastman of Farum Azula in Groveside Cave - Boss removed
21. Bloodhound Knight in Lakeside Crystal Cave - This boss has been replaced with a new boss - Battlemage Duncan.
22. Crucible Knight Ordovis is now a single boss fight.
23. Malenia - Adjusted her waterfowl dance to have a longer wind-up and made it parryable. Improved the parry frames on most of her attacks. Slowed down her fastest right-handed slash attack.
24. Godskin Noble - Slowed down the wind-up of his Noble Presence attack.
25. Morgott - Tweaked his AI to make him a bit more aggressive, especially when fighting against ranged attacks.

## Map Changes:

1. Added Erdtree transport portals in the following locations:
1. East Limgrave
2. Stormhill
3. Weeping Peninsula
4. West Caelid
5. East Caelid
6. South Caelid
7. South Liurnia
8. West Liurnia
9. North Liurnia
10. West Mt. Gelmir
11. East Mt. Gelmir
12. Central Altus
13. South Altus
14. East Altus
15. North Mountaintops
16. South Mountaintops
17. Consecrated Snowfield
18. Siofra River
19. Ainsel River
20. Deeproot Depths
2. The transporter trap in Dragonburnt ruins has been replaced with a two-way portal to Southern Altus.
3. The transporter trap in Weeping Peninsula has been replaced with a portal to Leyndell golem bridge.
4. A portal has been added to the boss room in Morne Tunnel that leads to Castle Morne.
5. The portal in Laskyar Ruins now leads to Kingsrealm Ruins.
6. A portal has been added to the boss room in Sellia Crystal Tunnel that leads to the area outside of Astel, Naturalborn of the Void’s boss room.
7. The coffin ride in Deeproot Depths now leads to the area outside of Astel, Naturalborn of the Void’s boss room.
8. A portal has been added to the boss room in the Stranded Graveyard that leads to the Shaded Castle.
9. A two-way portal has been added to the top floor of Volcano Manor in Ghiza’s invasion room that leads to the top of Fort Laidd.
10. A portal has been added to the top of the tower after Academy Crystal Cave that leads into the Academy of Raya Lucaria.
11. A portal has been added to the Dragonkin of Nokstella’s boss room that leads to Nokstella.
12. A portal has been added to the Abandoned Cave boss room that leads to Haligtree Town.
13. A portal has been added to the top of the hill at windmill village that leads to the top of  the Haligtree.
14. A portal has been added to the boss room in Castle Morne that leads to the Subterranean Shunning-Grounds.
15. A two-way portal has been added to the Lake of Rot that leads to the Lake of Rot overlook in the Ainsel River.
16. A portal has been added near the Slumbering Wolf’s Shack in Liurnia that leads to Ordina, Liturgical Town.
17. A portal has been added to the boss room in Leyndell Catacombs that leads to Mohg’s Palace.
18. A portal has been added to the bridge fragment in Siofra that is accessed by the Four Belfries that leads to Mohg’s Palace.
19. A portal has been added in the Chapel of Anticipation near the Stormhawk Deenh’s ashes that leads to Altus near the Golden Lineage Evergoal.
20. A two-way portal has been added near the entrance to the Giant-Conquering Hero’s Grave Catacombs that leads to the Zamor Ruins.
21. Deathtouched Catacombs has been redesigned to be Godslayer themed.
22. Impaler’s Catacombs has been redesigned to be Frenzy themed.
23. Stranded Graveyard has been redesigned to be Aberrant themed and is now only accessible from the beach-side entrance.
24. Cliffbottom Catacombs has been redesigned to be Storm themed.
25. Fringefolk Hero’s Grave has been redesigned to be Dragonkin themed.
26. Morne Tunnel has been redesigned to be Dragon Cult themed.
27. Minor Erdtree Catacombs has been redesigned to be Giantsflame themed.
28. Redmane Castle has been redesigned to make it into a legacy dungeon.
29. Deeproot Depths has been redesigned to make it into a legacy dungeon.
30. Many new spirit springs have been added to the overworld map.
31. Added a branch near the East Capital Rampart grace in Leyndell that acts as a shortcut to the area that leads to the Forbidden Lands. 
32. Torrent can now be ridden in Ashen Capital, in the Elden Beast/Radagon arena and in Leyndell beyond the gate that leads to the bridge elevator that takes you to the Forbidden Lands.
33. Several new overworld buildings and enemy camps have been added to various locations.
34. Moonlight Plateau can be accessed as soon as Astel is defeated. The Dark Moon Ring is no longer required. The ring is only required to enter the cave at the end of Ranni’s quest.
35. Goal Cave has been reworked to have a Frenzy theme.

## Weapon Changes:

Note: While making new movesets is now possible, the process was very new at the time we made these changes and had several bugs. Many of the changes we made on this list were to make more room for our custom animations. In the future, many of the removed animations may return along with our custom added ones. But for now, the movesets we are placing in the mod are a good foundation for future updates.

### New Weapons:

1. Axe of Epiphany - Axe - Golden Vow (In the Forbidden Lands, in the hidden hallway off the elevator leading down to the snowy area)
2. Axe of Rust - Greataxe - Titanic Cleave (New Weapon Skill) (In the Leyndell sewers, near the primary entrance)
3. Crimson Briar-Bough - Greathammer - Briar Assault (New Weapon Skill) (Boss drop in the Cave of Knowledge) 
4. Sword of the Cyclops - Greatsword - Cyclopean Conflagration (New Weapon Skill) (On Flame Peak just after the Fire Giant boss arena)
5. Axe of Fell Prophecy - Axe - Scorched Earth (New Weapon Skill) (In the Giant Conquering Hero’s Grave)
6. Foil of Caddock - Thrusting Sword - Repeating Thrust (Sold by Big Boggart at his second location near Leyndell)
7. Three Finger Blade - Curved Greatsword - Shabriri’s Revenge (New Weapon Skill) (Yelough Anix ruins in Consecrated Snowfield)
8. Frozen Twinshards - Twinblade - Whirling Iceblades (New Weapon Skill) (Chest on cliff near the Albinauric Tower in Consecrated Snowfield)
9. Celestial Blade - Greatsword - Celestial Ascension (New Weapon Skill) (Top of the tower after the Academy Crystal Cave)
10. Glintstone Cleaver - Axe - Primeval Cascade (New Weapon Skill) (Altus Tunnel)
11. Godwyn’s Cragblades - Twinblade - Call to Thunder (New Weapon Skill) (Chest in storeroom in Leyndell)
12. Leaden Maul - Hammer - Concussive Smash (New Weapon Skill) (Dropped by boss in Highroad Cave)
13. Midnight Dagger - Dagger - Assassin’s Gambit (In chest in Nokron)
14. Mohgwyn Censer - Flail - Wild Strikes (Given by Varre during his quest)
15. Nomad’s Kilij - Curved Sword - Succumb to Madness (New Weapon Skill) (Sold by the merchant in Mohgwyn)
16. Quicksilver Rapier - Thrusting Sword - Flowing Piercer (New Weapon Skill) (Chest near the entrance of the Lake of Rot)
17. Blade of Scarlet Bloom - Curved Sword - Aeonian Rush (New Weapon Skill) (Chest in Lake of Rot)
18. Glaive of the Ancients - Halberd - Ancient Thunderclap (New Weapon Skill) (Dropped by Seera in Farum Azula)
19. Seething Flail - Flail - Spinning Chain  (Volcano Manor on wooden catwalk overlooking the lava)
20. Stone Claws - Claws - Bestial Mauling (New Weapon Skill) (Boss drop in the Hidden Path of the Haligtree)
21. Sulien’s Razors - Twinblade - Sulien’s Mastery (New Weapon Skill) (In Leyndell courtyard off of the Leyndell version of Roundtable hold)
22. Surgeons Catlinger - Dagger - Quickstep (Near Second Church of Marika in Altus)
23. Thorn of the Guilty - Thrusting Sword - Telekinetic Arrow (New Weapon Skill) (Fort Laiedd)
24. Underworld Greatmace - Greathammer - Cragbolt Slam (New Weapon Skill) (Fringefolk Hero’s Grave)
25. Zamor Starmace - Hammer - Ice Spikes (New Weapon Skill) (Zamor Ruins)
26. Sword of Hadea - Greatsword - Crucible’s Fury (New Weapon Skill) (Sold by Finger reader after killing Skarde)
27. Dragonkin Seeker Sword (Remade Lazuli Glintstone Sword) - Ice Lightning Sword (In Siofra where the Missionary's Cookbook [5] was in vanilla)
28. Molten Sword (Remade Crystal Sword) - Magma Shower (Gael Tunel)
29. Underworld Dagger (Remade Crystal Knife) - Quickstep (Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel)
30. Sword of the Cosmos (Remade Sword of Night and Flame) - Sword - Cosmic Stance (Caria Manor)

### Weapon Moveset Changes:

1. The default moveset for all Greatsword light attacks has been changed to the Knight’s Greatsword moveset.
2. The heavy attacks of the Godskin Stitcher are now using the animation of the Bloody Helice heavy attacks.
3. The unique jumping attack of the Beastman’s Curved Sword has been added to the jumping attacks of Bandit’s Curved Sword, Serpent God Curved Sword and the Falchion.
4. The light attacks of Morgott’s Cursed Sword now use the animation of the Knight’s Greatsword light attacks.
5. The heavy attacks of the Monk’s Flameblade now use the animation of the Flamberge’s heavy attacks.
6. The heavy attacks of the Nagakiba now use the animations of the Meteoric Ore Blade’s heavy attacks.
7. The heavy attacks of the Knight’s Twin Swords now use the animation of the Godskin Peeler’s heavy attacks.
8. The default moveset for all Hammers now moves the character slightly more forward when attacking and is slightly faster.
9. The Morning star and the Scepter of the All-Knowing now use the default hammer moveset.
10. The default moveset of all Greataxes is now slightly faster.
11. All Flail heavy attacks are now faster.
12. The Iron Cleaver now uses the Club moveset.
13. The Butchering Knife now uses default Greataxe heavy attacks.
14. The heavy attack of the Pike is now the default Spear heavy attack animation.
15. Serpent Hunter has been removed from the game.
16. The Mohgwyn Sacred Spear heavy attacks now use the animation of the Tree Spear’s heavy attacks.
17. The default heavy attack of all Halberds is now the animation for the heavy attacks of the Lucerne.
18. The default heavy attack of all Reapers is now the animation for the heavy attacks of the Scythe.
19. The heavy attacks of Royal Greatsword now use the animation of the Godslayer Greatsword’s heavy attacks.

### Ash of War and Weapon Skill Changes:

Note: Even with the ability to add new animations, adding new Ash of Wars and Weapon Skills, is not currently possible. The system works very differently than previous games and the process is still being ironed-out. So in order to add our new weapon skills for our new unique weapons, we had to cut many of the vanilla Ash of Wars for now.

The following Ash of Wars have been removed from the game mostly to make room for our new unique weapon skills:

1. Bloody Slash
2. Blood Tax
3. Storm Stomp
4. Determination
5. Waves of Darkness
6. Vow of the Indomitable
7. Carian Greatsword
8. Glintblade Phalanx
9. Earthshaker
10. Ground Slam
11. Hoarfrost Stomp
12. White Shadow’s Lure
13. Flame of the Redmanes
14. Charge Forth
15. Storm Assault
16. Stormwall
17. Thops Barrier
18. Thunderbolt
19. Glintstone Pebble

The following unique weapons have had their weapon skills replaced:

1. Axe of Godrick - I Command Thee, Kneel -> Twister Shot
2. Halo Scythe - Miquella’s Rings of Light -> Sacred Rings of Light
3. Great Dragonclaw - Endure -> Storm of the Ancients

### Staff and Seal Changes:

Casting tools no longer cause bonus damage to a given magic school. A staff or a seal will deal more damage or less damage for spells cast of given damage types. This is the magic affinity system. The details of this system can be seen below:

The values in green reflect the best or optimal damage type for any given spell casting tool.

|   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Seal/Staff|Physical|Magic|Fire|Lightning|Holy|School|Requirements|
|Incants Strong (T2)||||||||
|Mohgwyn Seal|60|60|100|40|80|Bloodflame|18Fth/18Arc|
|Giant's Seal|60|40|100|80|60|Fell Flame|35Fth|
|Frenzied Flame Seal|60|80|100|60|40|Frenzy|18Fth18Int|
|Golden Order Seal|60|60|40|80|100|Golden Order|35Fth|
|Godslayer Seal|40|60|80|60|100|Godslayer|18Fth18Int|
|Dragon Cult Seal|60|60|40|100|80|Dragon Cult|35Fth|
|Earthbreaker Seal|100|40|60|60|80|Bestial|35Fth|
|Seal of Rot|100|80|40|60|60|Servants of Rot|18Fth/18Arc|
|Spiritshaper Seal|60|100|80|60|40|Mystic|18Fth/18Arc|

|   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Seal/Staff|Physical|Magic|Fire|Lightning|Holy|School|Requirements|
|Incants Weak (T1)||||||||
|War Surgeon Seal|60|60|100|40|80|Bloodflame|6Fth/6Arc|
|Firemonk's Seal|60|40|100|80|60|Fell Flame|10Fth|
|Fingerprint Seal|60|80|100|60|40|Frenzy|6Fth/6Int|
|Finger Seal|60|60|40|80|100|Golden Order|10Fth|
|Godskin Seal|40|60|80|60|100|Godslayer|6Fth/6Int|
|Gravel Stone Seal|60|60|40|100|80|Dragon Cult|10Fth|
|Clawmark Seal|100|40|60|60|80|Bestial|10Fth|
|Pest Seal|100|80|40|60|60|Servants of Rot|6Fth/6Arc|
|Mystic Seal|60|100|80|60|40|Mystic|6Fth/6Arc|

|   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Seal/Staff|Physical|Magic|Fire|Lightning|Holy|School|Requirements|
|Sorcery Strong (T2)||||||||
|Azur's Glintstone Staff|80|100|60|40|60|Glint|35Int|
|Snow Witch Staff|60|100|40|80|60|Frost|18Int/18Arc|
|Lusat's Night Staff|60|100|80|60|40|Night|18Int/18Fth|
|Lavastone Staff|60|80|100|40|60|Lava|18Int/18Fth|
|Prince of Death's Staff|40|60|60|80|100|Death|18Int/18Fth|
|Dragonkin Scepter|60|40|60|100|80|Dragonkin|35Int|
|Meteorite Staff|100|60|80|60|40|Gravity|35Int|
|Staff of the Guilty|100|60|40|60|80|Thorn|18Int/18Arc|
|Tempestcaller Staff|100|80|60|40|60|Storm|18Int/18Fth|

|   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|Seal/Staff|Physical|Magic|Fire|Lightning|Holy|School|Requirements|
|Sorcery Weak (T1)||||||||
|Glintstone Staff|80|100|60|40|60|Glint|10Int|
|Ranni's Staff|60|100|40|80|60|Frost|6Int/6Arc|
|Staff of Loss|60|100|80|60|40|Night|6Int/6Fth|
|Gelmir Lava Staff|60|80|100|40|60|Lava|6Int/6Fth|
|Blighted Branch|40|60|60|80|100|Death|6Int/6Fth|
|Dragon Student Staff|60|40|60|100|80|Dragonkin|10Int|
|Digger's Staff|100|60|80|60|40|Gravity|10Int|
|Staff of Briar|100|60|40|60|80|Thorn|6Int/6Arc|
|Stormcaller Staff|100|80|60|40|60|Storm|6Int/6Fth|

**All casting tools seen on this list account for all of the staffs and seals remaining in the game. All other vanilla casting tools have been removed.**

### Weapons that Boost Spell Types:

Each of these boosting items increases the damage of spells of its given type by 10% while equipped and visible.

1. Cinqudea - Bestial - Located behind and below the Bestial Sancum
2. Crest of the Dragon Cult - Dragon Cult - On wandering Leyndell knight in Liurnia
3. Smoldering Shield - Giantsflame - In flame camp in Western Liurnia
4. Erdsteel Dagger - Golden Order - Kenneth Haight’s Quest
5. Celebrant’s Sickle - Godslayer - Divine Tower of Caelid
6. Ivory Sickle - Frenzied Flame - Room past Godrick in Stormveil
7. Surgeon’s Catlinger - Bloodflame - Near the Second Church of Marika in Altus
8. Scorpion Kite Shield - Servants of Rot - In Aeonian swamp in Caelid
9. St. Trina’s Torch - Mystic - In Upper Siofra
10. Man-Serpent Shield - Magma - Volcano Manor
11. Glintstone Kris - Glint - Highway Lookout Tower in Eastern Liurnia
12. Rift Shield - Gravity - Sold by Merchant near Bellum Church
13. Blue and White Wooden Shield - Storm - Stormveil Armory
14. Ice Crest Shield - Frost - Near Red Wolf behind Caria Manor
15. Midnight Dagger - Night - In chest in Nokron
16. Ghostflame Torch - Death - On Death Bird near Scenic Isle
17. Underworld Dagger - Dragonkin - Chest in Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel
18. Shield of the Guilty - Aberrant - Aberrant camp in Eastern Liurnia

## Armor Changes:

1. All armor has had its poise value increased.
2. All armor has had its weight reduced.
3. All armor now has passive effects. Each effect can be seen in the armor’s description.
4. Several new armor sets have been added for many of the new classes as starting armor.

## Spell Changes:

1. Approximately 360 new spells have been added to the game. Spells are divided into 18 schools each with around 20-25 spells. The spell schools are as follows:

Sorcery:

1. Glint - (Magic Damage - INT Scaling)
2. Gravity - (Physical Damage - INT Scaling)
3. Dragonkin - (Lightning Damage - INT Scaling - Frostbite)
4. Lava - (Fire Damage - INT/FTH Scaling)
5. Night - (Magic Damage - INT/FTH Scaling)
6. Death - (Holy Damage - INT/FTH Scaling - Frostbite/Deathblight)
7. Storm - (Physical Damage - INT/FTH Scaling)
8. Frost - (Magic Damage - INT/ARC Scaling - Frostbite)
9. Aberrant - (Physical Damage - INT/ARC Scaling - Bleed)

Incantations:

1. Bestial - (Physical Damage - FTH Scaling)
2. Golden Order - (Holy Damage - FTH Scaling)
3. Giantsflame - (Fire Damage - FTH Scaling)
4. Dragon Cult - (Lightning Damage - FTH Scaling)
5. Godslayer - (Holy Damage - INT/FTH Scaling)
6. Frenzy - (Fire Damage - INT/FTH Scaling - Madness)
7. Bloodflame - (Fire Damage - FTH/ARC Scaling - Bleed)
8. Servants of Rot - (Physical Damage - FTH/ARC Scaling - Poison/Rot/Deathblight/Bleed)
9. Mystic - (Magic Damage - FTH/ARC Scaling - Sleep)
2. Sorcery scrolls and incantation prayerbooks have been removed. Spells are now learned by using new consumables called spell runes. Each spell school has 5 spell runes in various locations in the world. When consumed, a spell rune will auto-loot several spells to your character.

## Crafting Changes:

1. All cookbooks are unlocked at the start of the game.
2. The requirement for Cracked Pots, Ritual Pots and Perfume Bottles has been removed. All craftable items can be crafted with the materials alone.
3. All crafted consumables have been changed to make Arcane the primary stat they scale with.
4. The item amount that is crafted of most consumables and ammunition has been increased each time you craft.
5. Glintstone Scraps, Large Glintstone Scraps, Explosive Stones, Explosive Stone Clumps, Poison Stones, Poison Stone Clumps, Gravity Stone Chunks and Gravity Stone Fans are now craftable.

## Talisman and Physick Changes:

1. Most talismans and Physick Tears have been changed in some way, either improved or rebalanced. Some talismans have been combined into one talisman that has the effects of two from base game in order to increase their power level. As a result some talismans have been removed entirely.
2. All talismans and Physick Tears are now crafted with remnants in the remnant crafting menu found at graces. Combat, Enchanted and Heirloom Remnants are found throughout the world in various locations. Relic Remnants are only dropped by main progression bosses. Essence, Elemental, Prowess, Invigorating and Enduring Physick Remnants are dropped by Erdtree Avatars and Erdtree Sentries.

The crafting scheme works as follows:

Combat Remnants can craft:

1. Dagger Talisman - Base Game Effect
2. Curved Sword Talisman - Combined effects of the Curved Sword Talisman and the Greatshield Talisman
3. Twinblade Talisman - Base Game Effect
4. Axe Talisman - Base Game Effect
5. Hammer Talisman - Base Game Effect
6. Spear Talisman - Combined effects of the Spear Talisman and the Greatshield Talisman
7. Lance Talisman - Base Game Effect
8. Claw Talisman - Base Game Effect
9. Arrow’s Sting Talisman - Combined effects of Arrow’s Sting and Arrow’s Reach talismans
10. Warrior Jar Shard - Base Game Effect
11. Winged Sword Insignia - Improved effect from base game
12. Great-Jar’s Arsenal - Base Game Effect
13. Companion Jar - Base Game Effect
14. Bull-Goat’s Talisman - Base Game Effect
15. Blue Dancer Charm - Base Game Effect
16. Crucible Feather Talisman - Base Game Effect
17. Crucible Scale-Knot - Combined effects from Crucible Scale and Crucible Knot talismans
18. Red-Feathered Branchsword - Base Game Effect
19. Blue-Feathered Branchsword - Base Game Effect
20. Ritual Sword Talisman - Base Game Effect
21. Ritual Shield Talisman - Base Game Effect
22. Assassin’s Curio - Combined effects of both crimson and cerulean assassin’s talismans
23. Godskin Swaddling Cloth - Base Game Effect

Enchanted Remnants can craft:

1. Green Turtle Talisman - Base Game Effect
2. Blessed Dew Talisman - Base Game Effect
3. Cerulean Seed Talisman - Adds FP regeneration
4. Erdtree's Favor - Improved effect from base game
5. Spelldrake Talisman - Improved effect from base game
6. Flamedrake Talisman - Improved effect from base game
7. Boltdrake Talisman - Improved effect from base game
8. Haligdrake Talisman - Improved effect from base game
9. Pearldrake Talisman - Improved effect from base game
10. Dragoncrest Greatshield Talisman - Improved effect from base game
11. Immunizing Horn Charm - Grants immunity instead of resistance
12. Stalwart Horn Charm - Grants immunity instead of resistance
13. Clarifying Horn Charm - Grants immunity instead of resistance
14. Prince of Death's Cyst - Grants immunity instead of resistance
15. Mottled Necklace - Improved effect from base game
16. Primal Glintstone Blade - Base Game Effect
17. Moon of Nokstella - Base Game Effect
18. Old Lord's Talisman - Base Game Effect
19. Radagon Icon - Base Game Effect
20. Carian Filigreed Crest - Base Game Effect
21. Godfrey Icon - Base Game Effect
22. Perfumer's Talisman - Base Game Effect
23. Taker's Cameo - Restores HP, FP and SP on kill
24. Gold Scarab - Base Game Effect
25. Silver Scarab - Base Game Effect
26. Crepus's Vial - Base Game Effect
27. Concealing Vial - Base Game Effect
28. Longtail Cat Talisman - Base Game Effect

Heirloom Remnants can craft:

1. Starscourge Heirloom - STR +6
2. Prosthesis-Wearer Heirloom - DEX +6
3. Stargazer Heirloom - INT +6
4. Two Fingers Heirloom - FTH +6
5. Mimic Heirloom - ARC +6
6. Valorous Heirloom - STR/DEX +3
7. Strategist Heirloom - STR/INT +3
8. Chosen Heirloom - STR/FTH +3
9. Blackguard Heirloom - STR/ARC +3
10. Saboteur Heirloom - DEX/INT +3
11. Cloister Heirloom - DEX/FTH +3
12. Perfume Heirloom - DEX/ARC +3
13. Midnight Heirloom - INT/FTH +3
14. Forbidden Heirloom - INT/ARC +3
15. Scorpion Heirloom - FTH/ARC +3

Faint Relic Remnants can craft:

1. Runebear’s Claw - Physical Damage +5%
2. Glowing Glintshard - Magic Damage +5%
3. Firemonk’s Filigree - Fire Damage +5%
4. Dragonkin Crest - Lightning Damage +5%
5. Emblem of Gold - Holy Damage +5%

Shimmering Relic Remnants can craft:

1. Primordial Pumice Fragment - Physical Damage +7.5%
2. Graven School Talisman - Magic Damage +7.5%
3. Everburning Ember - Fire Damage +7.5%
4. Chime of Godwyn - Lightning Damage +7.5%
5. Faithful Canvas Talisman - Holy Damage +7.5%

Glowing Relic Remnants can craft:

1. Primordial Glass Shard - Physical Damage +10%
2. Graven Mass Talisman - Magic Damage +10%
3. Coal of the Forge - Fire Damage +10%
4. Scale of Gransax - Lightning Damage +10%
5. Flock Canvas Talisman - Holy Damage +10%

Shining Relic Remnants can craft:

1. Giant’s Insignia - Physical Damage +12.5%
2. Magic Scorpion Charm - Magic Damage +12.5%
3. Fire Scorpion Charm - Fire Damage +12.5%
4. Lightning Scorpion Charm - Lightning Damage +12.5%
5. Sacred Scorpion Charm - Holy Damage +12.5%

Essence Physick Remnants can craft:

1. Strength-Knot Crystal Tear - Str +10
2. Dexterity-Knot Crystal Tear - Dex +10
3. Intelligence-Knot Crystal Tear - Int +10
4. Faith-Knot Crystal Tear - Fth +10
5. Arcane-Knot Crystal Tear - Arc +10
6. Knight's Crystal Tear - Str/Dex +5
7. Battlemage's Crystal Tear - Str/Int +5
8. Templar's Crystal Tear - Str/Fth +5
9. Barbarian's Crystal Tear - Str/Arc +5
10. Assassin's Crystal Tear - Dex/Int +5
11. Inquisitor's Crystal Tear - Dex/Fth +5
12. Rogue's Crystal Tear - Dex/Arc +5
13. Zealot's Crystal Tear - Int/Fth +5
14. Witch's Crystal Tear - Int/Arc +5
15. Cultist's Crystal Tear - Fth/Arc +5

Elemental Physick Remnants can craft:

1. Stone-Shrouding Cracked Tear - Physical +10%
2. Magic-Shrouding Cracked Tear - Magic +10%
3. Flame-Shrouding Cracked Tear - Fire +10%
4. Lightning-Shrouding Cracked Tear - Lightning +10%
5. Holy-Shrouding Cracked Tear - Holy +10%
6. Ruptured Crystal Tear - Explosion After a Delay

Prowess Physick Remnants can craft:

1. Spiked Cracked Tear - Charged Attacks +15%
2. Thorny Cracked Tear - Consecutive Attack Boost
3. Stonebarb Cracked Tear - Poise Damage Boost +30%
4. Waterblade Cracked Tear - Skill Attacks +15%
5. Stonetalon Cracked Tear - Jump Attacks +15%
6. Windbarb Cracked Tear - Ranged Attacks +15%
7. Shadowblade Cracked Tear - Crit Attacks +15%
8. Stoneblade Cracked Tear - Guard Counter Attacks +15%
9. Stonehoof Cracked Tear - Mounted Attacks +15%

Invigorating Physick Remnants can craft:

1. Crimson Crystal Tear - Restore HP
2. Crimsonspill Crystal Tear - Boost Max HP
3. Crimsonburst Crystal Tear - Restore HP Over Time
4. Crimson Bubbletear - Restores HP when Near Death
5. Cerulean Crystal Tear - Restore FP
6. Ceruleanspill Crystal Tear - Boost Max FP
7. Ceruleanburst Crystal Tear - Restore FP Over Time
8. Cerulean Hidden Tear - Reduces FP Costs
9. Greenspill Crystal Tear - Boost Max SP
10. Greenburst Crystal Tear - Restore SP Over Time

Enduring Physick Remnants can craft:

1. Opaline Hardtear - Boost Damage Negation
2. Crimsonwhorl Bubbletear - Converts Non-Physical Damage to HP
3. Opaline Bubbletear - Negates Damage of Next Hit Taken
4. Leaden Hardtear - Boosts Poise
5. Windy Crystal Tear - Enhances Dodges
6. Winged Crystal Tear - Reduce Equip Load
7. Twiggy Cracked Tear - Prevents Rune Loss
8. Purifying Crystal Tear - Immunity to Status Effects and Cures Them

Talismans cut from the game:

1. Crimson Amber Medallion
2. Crimson Seed Talisman
3. Cerulean Amber Medallion
4. Viridian Amber Medalion
5. Greatshield Talisman
6. Arsenal Charm
7. Roar Medallion
8. Erdtree's Favor +1
9. Erdtree's Favor +2
10. Radagon's Scarseal
11. Radagon's Soreseal
12. Marika's Scarseal
13. Marika's Soreseal
14. Dragoncrest Shield Talisman
15. Dragoncrest Shield Talisman +1
16. Dragoncrest Shield Talisman +2
17. Spelldrake +1
18. Spelldrake +2
19. Flamedrake +1
20. Flamedrake +2
21. Boltdrake +1
22. Boltdrake +2
23. Haligdrake +1
24. Haligdrake +2
25. Pearldrake +1
26. Pearldrake +2
27. Immunizing Horn Charm +1
28. Stalwart  Horn Charm +1
29. Clarifying Horn Charm +1
30. Mottled Necklace +1
31. Prince of Death's Pustule
32. Arrow's Reach Talisman
33. Shard of Alexander
34. Crucible Scale Talisman
35. Assassin's Cerulean Dagger
36. Rotten Winged Sword Insignia
37. Kindred of Rot's Exultation
38. Lord of Blood's Exultation
39. Ancestral Spirit's Horn
