> [!info] Source
> [Original post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1rdnAYKyNypyrBZ9YTPpffbPJIKXNOAVNoFaPVZxvDAE/preview#heading=h.mls4p61pew8b)

## Map Changes

1. Reworked the starting class locations so that each character will unlock Roundtable Hold and the closest grace to their warp location after using the golden light warp in the opening room in Chapel of Anticipation.
    
2. Fixed an issue with the Grace being available in Astel’s boss room - The grace has now been moved just outside his boss room before entering the fog wall.
    
3. Fixed an issue that allowed the Black Blade Kindred near the Sanctum Undercroft to fall off of the arena platform.
    
4. Fixed an issue preventing players from looting a chest in Altus Plateau.
    
5. Fixed a faulty respawn point that would cause players to be stuck after dying in the Fire Giant fight after respawning him in the boss refight system.
    
6. Fixed several map related bugs including missing collisions, ladders not functioning and allowing certain areas to be skipped.
    
7. Fixed an issue that made the magic seal in the Moonlight Plateau clip through the ground.
    

## Item Changes

8. Fixed various typos in item descriptions
    
9. Fixed some bugs related to purchasing items in shops that would cause certain items to become unavailable.
    
10. Fixed an issue involving the Miniature Ranni Doll spawning too many times.
    
11. Fixed an issue with the Godskin sets having the wrong effects.
    
12. Fixed an issue with the High Page Trousers not having an effect.
    
13. Removed the now redundant Shining Horned Headband on the map
    
14. The Lordsworn Straight Sword can now be looted from the Demi-Human Queen in Weeping Peninsula.
    
15. Removed several unfinished items from the game, such as Dragonkin Devastation, Estoc of the Serpent Priest and Moonbreaker Scythe.
    
16. Fixed an issue with reinforcement material bell bearing shops causing multiple instances of certain items to appear for different prices.
    
17. Fixed an issue that was causing the Sword of the Cyclops to respawn.
    
18. Activating Great Runes either through rune arcs or killing a boss will now heal you to 100% of total HP and FP.
    
19. Fixed an issue preventing the classes that start with spirit calling bells to be able to summon from the start of the game.
    
20. Fixed various armor pieces hiding the character’s body in incorrect ways.
    
21. Increased the healing of Malenia’s Great Rune to 3% of total HP on hit, up from 1%.
    

## Weapon Changes

22. Fixed an issue with the Carian Knight Sword preventing it from doing critical attacks correctly.
    
23. Fixed an issue that was causing the bullet effect of Aeonian Rush to trigger a more powerful version of Scarlet Rot.
    
24. Changed the way Storm of the Ancients and Cosmic Stance heavy attack works and both should now hit with more instances of damage.
    
25. Twinned Knight Swords have been reverted to use vanilla moveset.
    
26. Fixed an issue that was causing quickstep to not function properly.
    
27. Fixed an issue where Marais Executioner’s Sword was using the wrong scaling.
    
28. Fixed an issue with Cragbolt Slam which made it useable while in the left hand.
    
29. Fixed an issue with the Frozen Twinshards not accurately displaying its status effects.
    
30. Reverted the Gargoyle’s Black Blades to use Spinning Slash by default.
    
31. Adjusted the FP costs of several weapon skills.
    
32. Fixed an issue that was causing the Golem’s Halberd to not have hitboxes on its heavy attacks. 
    
33. Fixed an issue causing Bear Witness! to not work properly while in the left hand. 
    
34. Fixed an issue causing seals and staffs to not scale correctly.
    
35. Fixed an issue that allowed affinity and AoW changes on some unique weapons.
    
36. Reverted Sacrificial Axe to use Wild Strikes by default.
    
37. Fixed various issues with certain attacks missing hitboxes.
    
38. Fixed an issue causing Draconic Epitaph to deal more damage to undead and prevent their resurrection.
    
39. The Death’s Poker, Helphen Steeple and the Death Ritual Spear now all cause frostbite instead of deathblight.
    
40. Reduced the damage of Familiar Rancor.
    
41. Reduced the damage of ‘Bear Witness!’.
    
42. Changed the weapon skill of Bolt of Gransax’s name to ‘Lightning Spear of Gransax’
    
43. Reduced the damage of Lightning Spear of Gransax.
    
44. Changed Celebrant’s Rib-Rake to use Piercing Fang by default.
    
45. Reduced the damage of Succumb to Madness.
    
46. Increased the range of Sacred Ring of Light projectiles.
    
47. Fixed an issue causing Call to Thunder to not increase your lightning damage.
    

## Spell Changes

48. Players can now only have 5 mines generated from Cragbolt Mine active at a time.
    
49. Players can now only have 22 mines generated from Cragbolt Minefield active at a time.
    
50. Fixed an issue with Energy Shell permanently removing passive FP regeneration.
    
51. Fixed an issue that was causing Black Flame Wave to buff NPCs.
    
52. Fixed an issue that would allow the player to have Elden Benediction active with a lesser blessing active if using a certain sequence.
    
53. Lowered the amount healed by the Golden Order blessing spells.
    
54. Black Flame Wave no longer penetrates walls.
    
55. Fixed an issue that allowed certain spells to be cast on horseback that do not have a riding cast animation.
    
56. Fixed an issue that made the projectile of Ancient Lightning Spear appear backwards when used in the left hand.
    
57. Fixed an issue with new spells that buff weapons that made the visuals appear incorrectly when buffing certain weapon types.
    
58. Fixed an issue that was causing the wrong icon to display for Rock Blaster and Shatter Earth.
    
59. Fixed an issue that was preventing Purging Flames from clearing Deathblight buildup.
    
60. Fixed an issue causing several spell boosting items to not boost their specific spell types.
    
61. Fixed an issue causing Dynastic Sacrament to not function.
    
62. Fixed an issue causing the ground bullets of Bloodflame Outburst to not hit enemies.
    
63. Changed Three Finger Flare to be less likely to hit the ground or surroundings.
    
64. Slightly decreased the damage of Black Flame Orb.
    
65. Increased the damage of Dusk Bolt.
    
66. Fixed an issue causing Immutable Shield  to not consume stamina while blocking.
    
67. Increased the damage of Frozen Cragbolt, Cragbolt Bubbles and Dragonkin Downpour.
    
68. Decreased the damage of The Flame of Frenzy incantation.
    
69. Increased the damage of Honed Bolt, Ancient Honed Bolt and Ancient Lightning Beacon.
    
70. Increased the duration of Dematerialize to 2 minutes.
    
71. Lowered the poise damage of Eochaid’s Sap.
    
72. Increased the damage of Anger of the Fell God.
    
73. Decreased the range of Earthen Spikes and made it less likely to get stuck while traveling uphill.
    
74. Adjusted Stellar Bombardment to make it more likely that enemies will get hit by a larger percentage of meteors.
    
75. Reduced the physical damage absorption Chitinous Shell to 20% and the non-physical absorption to 10%.
    
76. Reduced the absorption of Blessing of Protection to 15%.
    
77. Fixed an issue preventing Blessing of Power from applying its 10% holy damage increase.
    
78. Increased the damage of Star Swarm and Founding Rain of Stars.
    
79. Reduced the FP cost of Godwyn’s Vengeance to allow it to be toggled off.
    
80. Distortion Field no longer deflects friendly spells, it also no longer deals poise damage to enemies within it and also only boosts your physical damage while you are in it by 5%.
    
81. Fixed an issue preventing several spells from benefiting from the Godfrey Icon.
    
82. Telekinetic Shell no longer causes bleed buildup.
    
83. Strangling Briars now pulls aggro and deals less damage per tick.
    
84. Curse of Midnight, Quicksilver Affliction, Curse of Putrefaction, Dream Siphon and Psychic Corrosion now pull aggro.
    

## Enemy Changes

85. Made a potential fix for the Bernahl invasion in Farum Azula not functioning properly. (More testing potentially required.)
    
86. Fixed an issue that was causing Ensha to not meet the requirements of his weapon.
    
87. Increased the difficulty of all enemies in Limgrave, Stormveil and Lower Siofra.
    
88. Fixed an issue causing the Erdtree Sentry in Siofra to drop no runes.
    
89. Fixed an issue that would cause Sigur, Night’s Captain to reset his encounter under certain circumstances.
    
90. Increased the HP of Morgott, Radagon and Godfrey/Horah Loux by 15%.
    
91. Increased the HP of Rennala, Sigur and Skarde by 20%.
    
92. Roundtable Knight Vyke now uses the Glaive of the Ancients.
