> [!info] Source
> [Original post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bflGA3cwmN4MM2ZxhSUVbaSN3mSthhDXnC65Pu316gI/preview#heading=h.o73slqb6v8e)

**Hotfix Notes**

1. Fixed an issue preventing talismans from being purchased while remnant crafting.
    
2. Fixed an issue preventing certain spell buffs from applying. 
    

## Map changes

1. Reworked the map layout of Redmane Castle.
    
2. Fixed an issue causing the player to spawn into the game in the wrong place after quitting-out while in Lansseax’s arena.
    
3. Fixed an issue causing a Golem in Altus to drop Physick Remnants.
    
4. Fixed an issue that would cause a save file to become corrupted when jumping off the new arena platform near the Sanctum Undercroft grace.
    
5. Spirit summoning should now be possible in all of Deeproot Depths.
    
6. Potentially fixed an issue causing certain progression elements in Deeproot Depths to not function properly while using the Seamless Coop mod. (more testing required to confirm)
    

## Item Changes

7. Fixed an issue causing the Keystones of the Forge to become unavailable on NG+ cycles.
    
8. Items crafted using remnants will now display a quantity in the remnant crafting menu. This will prevent players from crafting redundant talismans and physick tears.
    
9. Adjusted the purchase prices of smithing stones and somber stones acquired from bell bearings to be more logical.
    
10. Removed cut ashes of war from the lost ashes of war shop at Hewg.
    
11. Added more detail to the descriptions of certain talismans.
    
12. Erdtree Greatbow is lootable in the chest in the Liurnia Highway Lookout Tower. (Added in hotfix)
    

## Weapon Changes

13. Performed a comprehensive audit of all Ash of Wars and weapon skills and made many adjustments toward balance and theme correction.
    
14. Reverted most greatswords to use a moveset similar to the vanilla moveset with the following exceptions: Bastard Sword, Lordsword Greatsword, Knight’s Greatsword, Banished Knight Greatsword, Inseparable Sword and Helphen’s Steeple.
    
15. Ash of War replacement is now possible on shields once again. However, shields will currently not be able to use affinities other than their defaults.
    
16. Slightly lowered the poise damage of the Star Fists.
    
17. Fixed an issue causing certain weapon skills to be usable from the left hand.
    
18. Reverted Inseparable Sword to be a Golden affinity weapon using Sacred Blade skill. 
    
19. Fixed an issue preventing Grossmesser from scaling with arcane.
    
20. Fixed several issues involving the weapon skills of tier 2 spell catalysts.
    
21. Reduced the amount that enemies are knocked back by Sulien’s Mastery.
    
22. The stat requirements on Hand of Malenia have been decreased.
    
23. Fixed an issue that was causing many special effects to make blocking cost no stamina.
    
24. Increased the speed of both the small weapon and polearm variations of Spinning Slash.
    
25. Fixed an issue causing one of the hits of heavy attacks of scythes to not have a hitbox.
    
26. Maliketh’s Black Blade now inflicts Soul Burn.
    
27. Fixed an issue preventing the Rotten Greataxe from dropping.
    

## Spell Changes

28. Increased the scaling factors for all staffs and seals by 20%. - This is essentially a 20% buff to all spells.
    
29. Created a new scheme for player buff spells. Each buff will now fall into one of seven categories. No two buffs from a single category will stack together. The buff categories are as follows: Defensive Enchantment, Signature Enchantment, Offensive Enchantment, Weapon Enchantment, Shield Enchantment, Perpetual Enchantment and Legendary Enchantment. The enchantment type will be mentioned in each spell’s item description.
    
30. Slightly lowered the damage of the Godslayer Sickle incantation.
    
31. Fixed an issue causing Stellar Bombardment to deal too much damage.
    
32. Fixed an issue causing several offensive spells to be castable in Roundtable Hold.
    
33. Fixed an issue causing Spirit Vapor to not consume FP.
    
34. Lowered the damage and poise damage of Dragonkin Minefield and changed its stagger level to “Long Stagger” from “Air Juggle Stagger.”
    
35. The amount that enemies are healed from Source of Creation has been dramatically reduced.
    
36. Bestial Fervor now lowers total FP by 85% instead of 95%.
    
37. Fixed an issue that was causing the charged version of Mark of Frenzy to deal too much damage.
    
38. Lowered the FP cost of Pest Darts.
    
39. Increased the damage of Great Flame Sling, Flame Pillars, Fell Missile, Incinerate and Anger of the Fell God.
    
40. Made Incinerate’s projectiles less likely to hit the ground while casting.
    
41. Increased the damage of Honed Bolt, Ancient Honed Bolt and Ancient Lightning Beacon.
    
42. Lowered the FP cost of Ancient Lightning Beacon and Ancient Lightning Spear.
    
43. Increased the FP cost of Lightning Strike and Ancient Lightning Strike.
    
44. Increased the damage of Chaos Beam.
    
45. Increased the damage of Bloodboon Slash.
    
46. Increased the damage of Spirit Seekers and Seeker Salvo.
    
47. Increased the percentage damage dealt by Recurring Nightmare on each occurrence of sleep. 
    
48. Increased the damage and poise damage of Star Swarm.
    
49. Increased the flat damage of Night Maiden’s Mist and Night Maiden’s Fog but decreased the percentage-based damage of both spells.
    
50. Increased the homing of Quicksilver Shard and Quicksilver Comet.
    
51. Increased the FP and stamina cost of Nihil.
    
52. Increased the damage and poise damage of Implosion.
    
53. Increased the damage of Rock Heave.
    
54. Increased the damage and lowered the FP cost of Hyetta’s Flare.
    
55. Lowered the FP cost of Frenzied Burst.
    
56. Fixed an issue causing Godslayer’s Devotion to not reduce the FP costs of spells correctly.
    
57. Fixed an issue causing certain spell animations to glitch when used on torrent.
    
58. Cannon of Haima has been removed from the map. (The animation is being used elsewhere and was never intended to be in the mod)
    
59. Damage and poise damage of Gavel of Haima has been increased.
    

## Enemy Changes

60. Dakk, Starcaller Lord can no longer be backstabbed.
    
61. Fixed an issue causing the Bernahl invader in Farum Azula to not meet the requirements of his weapon.
    
62. Potentially fixed the quest involving the Jar Bairn in Jarburg. (Testing needed to confirm)
    
63. Corrected the spells that the Rogier NPC is able to cast.
    
64. Potentially fixed an issue causing the Seluvis quest to not function properly. (Testing needed to confirm)
    
65. Fixed several bugs caused when using the boss resurrection system.
    
66. Fixed an issue causing Maliketh to continue speaking while sitting at his grace after his death.
