> [!info] Source
> [Original post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pAvQUJd68lzOM9FO-ddUBnCQor8hp5dzoZOu6ufC5zI/preview#heading=h.p1dxvsl37uby)

## Bug Fixes (The “Tiger” Patch)

Tiger is a one-man QA team.
1. Fixed an issue with the weapon skill of the Carwyn’s Epee.
    
2. Disabled torrent on the platform before the Fell Twins encounter to prevent a bug that arises when entering the fight while mounted.
    
3. Fixed an issue causing Okina to not invade after Fire Giant is defeated.
    
4. Fixed an issue causing the Crucible Tree Armor to lack the correct description on the altered version.
    
5. Fixed Greater Blessing of Protection being stackable with other greater blessings.
    
6. Fixed the critical damage of the Reaver’s Odachi being lower than intended.
    
7. Fixed some moveset and hitbox issues with the Reaver’s Odachi.
    
8. Included the Darkness spell in the blinding effect immunity that was added to most bosses.
    
9. Fixed all left-handed weapon skills and ash of wars that were not functioning correctly.
    
10. Fixed an issue with the Malenia refight causing her to die when reaching second phase.
    
11. Fixed an issue causing Patches to be invulnerable initially in his boss encounter.
    

### System

1. Changed the language localization files to all be set to English.
    

### Weapons

2. Fixed an issue causing the Giant’s Braid weapon skill to not work correctly.
    
3. Optimized the weapon skill for the Palm-Ax Twinblade.
    
4. Corrected the weight of the Zephyr Blades.
    
5. Corrected the weapon skill animations for the Gilded Quarterstaff, War Scythe and Osian’s Greatsword if used without the requirements.
    
6. Fixed several issues causing certain weapon skills to have incorrect damage while the weapon is buffed.
    
7. Fixed an issue causing the weapon buff on the weapon skill of Sword of St. Trina and the Spear of Tranquility to cancel when hit by an enemy.
    
8. Corrected the requirements of the Gargoyle’s Black Blades.
    
9. Fixed an issue causing the weapon skill of the Jellyfish Shield to not function correctly.
    
10. Fixed an issue with part of the chain attack of the new katana moveset.
    
11. Fixed an animation issue with the crouch attack of the Godskin Flayer.
    
12. Fixed some hitbox issues on the Gilded Quarterstaff, Quicksilver Rapier, Zephyr Blades, Carwyn’s Epee and War Scythe.
    
13. Corrected the rarity types of new weapons.
    
14. Fixed an issue causing certain weapon buffs to make certain weapon animations rebound unexpectedly.
    
15. Fixed an issue that allowed affinity change of certain staves.
    
16. Fixed an issue causing the Guardian’s Spearblade to stay in your character’s hand incorrectly in some situations.
    
17. Fixed an issue that allowed the follow-up animation of the Reaver’s Odachi weapon skill to be repeatable.
    

### Maps

18. Fixed a collision issue in the new turtle camp in Weeping Peninsula.
    
19.  Made summoning possible in the Godskin Matriarch’s arena.
    
20. Fixed an issue that was causing the loot of the Serpent Hunter and the Sword of the Cyclops to be linked.
    
21. Fixed an issue causing unintended enemies to appear or not appear after burning the Erdtree.
    
22. Fixed an issue causing the Siofra Riverbank grace to not appear when reaching the correct location.
    
23. Fixed an issue causing the Banished Knight’s Shield loot to be repeatable.
    
24. Added the Scripture Wooden Shield to the map near the Summonwater Ruins in Limgrave.
    
25. Fixed an issue with the spirit spring in East Caelid not correctly preventing fall damage in some cases.
    
26. Fixed an issue causing an elevator in the Divine Tower of Liurnia to disappear in some cases.
    
27. Added the Outer Order gesture back into the game, it is now on an item pick-up in the Minor Erdtree Church in Altus.
    
28. Disabled Torrent riding in Radagon’s boss arena to prevent a bug that arises while mounted and transitioning to the Elden Beast fight. (Riding will still work in the Elden Beast arena.)
    
29. Fixed an issue causing some walls to disappear in Deeproot Depths in certain circumstances.
    

### Spells

30. Fixed an issue causing Flame Surge to not apply immolation.
    
31. Fixed an issue causing the casting sigil while casting Lansseax’s Glaive to appear in the wrong place in certain cases.
    
32. Fixed an issue causing passive FP regen to stay deactivated after disabling Stormcaller’s Sublimity.
    
33. Potentially fixed an issue causing Recurring Nightmare to proc repeatedly in certain circumstances. (Needs community testing)
    
34. Corrected the visual effects of the large bubble spell projectiles.
    
35. Corrected the requirements of Dragonice and Borealis’ Mist.
    
36. Fixed an issue preventing Poison Mist and Rotten Mist cloud effects from being present at the same time in game.
    
37. Corrected the description of Blessing of the Sealed God to be more accurate.
    
38. Fixed an issue causing Purifying Cautery to not clear status buildup.
    

### Items

39. Fixed several typos in item descriptions.
    
40. Fixed an issue causing the total HP increase on Malenia’s Great Rune to be too large.
    
41. Fixed an issue causing some of the new weapons to be invisible during coop play to other players.
    
42. Fixed an issue causing certain armors to display the incorrect buff icons.
    
43. Spear Talisman now boosts the damage of all thrust attacks performed while simultaneously guarding with a shield.
    
44. Fixed an issue causing the great rune activation to persist in certain cases.
    
45. Fixed an issue causing status effect application of consumables to use the incorrect status values.
    
46. Fixed an issue causing the altered version of the Banished Knight set to be unavailable.
    
47. Fixed an issue causing the player to be unable to equip two Ruptured Crystal Tears.
    
48. Added the largest denominations of Grave and Ghost Gloveworts to the end-game bell bearing shops on the Twin Maiden Husk.
    
49. Corrected the text on the Perfumer’s Note to be more accurate.
    
50. Corrected the description of the Dreamer’s Set to be more accurate.
    
51. Fixed an issue causing Sigur’s Greatmace to become unavailable on NG+.
    
52. Fixed an issue causing Soporific Fume and Mists of Slumber not applying the correct debuff.
    
53. Swapped locations for the final two Godslayer spell runes.
    
54. Fixed an issue causing some armor pieces to not be alterable or not be revertible.
    

### Enemies

55. Fixed an issue causing Maliketh’s death to not register in some cases.
    
56. All major bosses and most minor bosses now cannot be damaged from outside the boss arenas.
    
57. Corrected an issue causing the Erdtree Sentries to cause frostbite buildup on certain attacks.
    
58. Fixed an issue that would disrupt enemy AI of certain bosses when affected by blinding effects.
    
59. Fixed an issue causing the Skeletons in Gelmir Hero’s Grave to drop equipment.
    
60. Fixed an issue causing all Bloodhound Knights to stagger too easily.
    
61. Fixed an issue causing sleep and frostbite status visuals to not appear simultaneously on enemies.
    
62. Moved the giant ball enemy in Sellia further away from the Sellia Under-Stair grace.
