> [!info] Source
> [Original post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/12q9PLwWQDZZfKfpu-MQD-QK7GfiAFw6YNYKrPYiDrUg/preview)

### General

1. Slightly lowered the overall effectiveness of Vigor scaling. (A slight player HP reduction)
    
2. Slightly lowered overall player damage output.
    
3. Added the indicators in the grace menu under the Flasks field when the player has unused Golden Seeds and Sacred Tears.
    
4. Added the previously missing hairstyles that are present on the current patch of the vanilla game.
    
5. Added the map discovery indicators for specific locations into the player map.
    
6. Wandering Mausoleums have been given a new purpose. - When interacting with a tomb in the wandering mausoleums, the player will be given the option to duplicate the weapon or weapons they currently have equipped in either hand in the current active slots. (the weapons must be visible in game) This feature will make a copy of either one or both melee weapons and place them directly into the player inventory. Shields, bows, crossbows and spell casting tools are not duplicatable in this system and will not be detected in the menu interaction. Each mausoleum is capable of performing one total duplication action. (For either one or two weapons at the time of duplication) When a weapon is duplicated in this way, it will not gain the reinforcement or affinity of the weapon that was equipped. (Unique weapons will retain their affinities)
    
7. Added a new system that will prevent the time of day from transitioning from night to day after dying at night.
    
8. Added a new option at the Clouded Mirror in Roundtable Hold that allows you to hide/show your headgear.
    
9. Expanded the Boss Resurrection Altar mechanic in Roundtable Hold. See the full list in the Enemy category of these patch notes.
    
10. Overhauled the Ghost-/Grave Glovewort item and upgraded the logic to work the same way as Somber Smithing Stones do in Convergence. For more details see the Item category of these patch notes.  
    

### Weapons

11. New Weapons - 
    

- Rosus’ Harvester (Necro Scythe) - Liurnia Tibia Mariner
    
- Hammer of Virtue (Golden Order Hammer) - Fundamentalist Gino in Morne
    
- Blade of Valor (Quality Straight Sword) - Stormveil Castle
    
- Daergraf’s Opus (Dragonkin Fists) - Deeproot Depths
    
- Star Shadow (Night Katana) - Near Apostate Derelict
    
- Deathrite Dagger (Necro Dagger) - Necromancer Domo in Stormveil
    
- Rimeheart (Frost Axe + Shield) - Borealis
    

12. Corrected the missing Arcane scaling on several affinities of the Iron Greatsword.
    
13. Corrected the description of the Fell Flame Sword.
    
14. Fixed an issue causing the Man-Serpent Shield to not increase the damage of Magma Sorceries.
    
15. Changed the effect of Angel’s Wings (Winged Scythe weapon skill) to decrease the target’s absorption of Holy damage by 10% for 20 seconds, instead of lowering the target’s effectiveness of flask recovery.
    
16. Corrected the damage types and scaling of all torches to adhere to the class schemes of the mod.
    
17. Fixed an issue causing the damage of heavy attacks of the Coded Sword to be too low.
    
18. Clarified the location of the Celestial Blade on the “Weapons of the Glint Sorcerer” class note.
    
19. Corrected several issues related to various weapon animations.
    
20. Corrected the Crimson Briar Bough’s bleed value to reflect its Aberrant classification.
    
21. Slightly reduced the scaling of Sigur’s Greatmace.
    
22. Fixed an issue that allowed the projectiles of the Ash of War on Sigur’s Greatmace to go through walls
    
23. Corrected Ruinous Ghostflame to add Holy damage to the Helphen’s Steeple instead of Magic.
    
24. Fixed an issue where applying a grease to certain somber weapons would cause their Ashes of War to deal no damage.
    
25. Fixed an issue where the Ash of War for the Leaden Maul would not use the right animation, causing it to do nothing.
    
26. Fixed an issue where the Warrior Jar Talisman did not affect the Titanic Cleave ability for the Axe of Rust
    
27. Corrected the Zephyr Blades’ damage when using the Ash of War without FP.
    
28. Corrected the Reaver’s Odachi’s charged heavy attack damage.
    
29. Corrected the Dragonscale Blade’s 2H heavy attack damage.
    
30. Corrected the Gilded Quarterstaff 1H rolling heavy attack hitbox.
    
31. Carwyn’s Epee has been moved to a chest in Castle Morne.
    

### Maps

32. Stormveil Castle and Raya Lucaria’s layouts and progression have been overhauled.
    
33. Castle Morne has been expanded and the layout has been overhauled. It has been made into a more traditional Legacy Dungeon.
    
34. Expanded the Mystic theme of the Volcano Cave out into the area leading up to it.
    
35. Overhauled the walkway up to Stormveil, before Margit.
    
36. Replaced the portal at the end Morne Tunnel with a two-way door that brings you to Castle Morne.
    
37. Restored the portal that brings you from the Slumbering Wolf’s Shack to Consecrated Snowfields.
    
38. Enemies in lava (such as the enemies in Volcano Manor) will no longer be immune to fire damage, but will not take damage from the lava itself.
    
39. Doubled the tick rate of lava damage.
    
40. Fixed an issue that would cause unexpected behavior when using the Erdtree Teleporters while running Convergence and Seamless Coop together.
    
41. Added Spirit Springs to the following locations:  
    - Near the entrance to the Black Knife Catacombs, leading up to the Frenzied Flame Village.
    

- Near a wall going up from the Bellum Highway to the Mausoleum Compound.  
- Near a wall behind Castle Sol, allowing you to jump down from the cliff overlooking the castle.  
- Behind Gowry’s Shack, going up to the platform with the Church of the Plague.

42. Restored the summoning signs of Shabriri and Nepheli Loux in the Ashen Capital before Godfrey.
    
43. Restored the summoning sign of Great Horned Tragoth on the Altus Plateau before the Draconic Tree Sentinel.
    
44. Fixed an issue where Millicent would return to her world when summoning her to fight the Draconic Tree Sentinel.
    
45. Restored the summoning sign of Recusant Bernahl in Farum Azule before Seera, Blade of the Ancients.
    
46. Restored the summoning sign of Dung Eater in the Royal Capital before Morgott.
    
47. Fixed an infinite falling issue in the Deathtouched Catacombs.
    
48. Moved an Ant who was stuck inside a tree branch in Deeproot Depths.
    
49. Fixed an issue where Crucible Knight Siluria’s fog wall would not appear in certain situations.
    
50. Corrected the location of the Beside the Crater-Pocked Glade grace on the map.
    
51. Fixed an issue where the Siofra River Bank grace would not appear in certain situations.
    
52. Fixed an issue where the walls would become invisible near the Siofra River Bank grace.
    
53. Placed Gostoc back into Godrick’s boss room.
    
54. Fixed an issue where the portal in Fortissax’s arena could only be used if you had at least two great runes.
    
55. Corrected an issue where the Spell Cost reduction from Astral Alignment would not work properly.
    
56. Corrected the height of a ghost tree in North Mountaintops of the Giants.
    
57. Added invisible walls to the railing of Morgott and Godfrey’s boss arena to prevent parkouring in.
    
58. Corrected locations in Deeproot Depths where torrent was supposed to be disabled.
    
59. Godskin Celebrant now starts with the Sainstbridge site of grace unlocked instead of the Bridge of Sacrifice.
    

### Spells

60. New Spell - Flaming Armament - Giantsflame - Added to Faint Rune of Giantsflame.
    
61. New Spell - Morgott’s Spear - Golden Order - Added to Glowing Rune of Order.
    
62. New Spell - Dragonkin Devastation - Dragonkin - Added to Radiant Rune of the Dragonkin.
    
63. New Spell - Tibia’s Conversion - Necromancer - Added to Faint Rune of Death.
    
64. Increased the number of lightning bolts produced by Frozen Lightning Storm and increased how often they can hit enemies.
    
65. Added a new explosion to Frozen Lightning Storm and Cragbolt Upwelling that triggers when your staff first makes contact with the ground that deals damage and knocks enemies away.
    
66. New characters now spawn with all the spells from their Faint rune. This does not give more spell slots, but makes it so the player has the extra spells in their inventory.
    
67. Shortened the wait time before Cragbolt Upwelling’s ground effects explode from 7.5 seconds to 4 seconds and reduced the total number of ground bullets to reduce visual noise.
    
68. Added hitboxes to the first portion of the Gurranq’s Upheaval spell and adjusted the damage of both parts to compensate. 
    
69. Decreased the healing given to enemies on the Source of Creation spell.
    
70. Added an effect to the Bestial Fervor spell that reduces the FP cost of weapon skills and ashes of war by 60%.
    
71. Increased the damage of the Incinerate spell.
    
72. Decreased the damage of the Ancient Lightning Beacon spell.
    
73. Dramatically increased the damage of the Will of the Lichdragon spell.
    
74. Slightly decreased the damage of the Godslayer’s Sickle spell.
    
75. Added an effect to the Godslayer’s Devotion spell that reduces the FP cost of weapon skills by 80%.
    
76. Potentially fixed an issue causing Burrowing Black Flame’s explosion to sometimes not hit enemies. (Needs community testing)
    
77. Reduced FP and stamina cost of Touch of Frenzy.
    
78. Reduced the amount of damage Mind Melt deals over time.
    
79. Reduced the HP cost of Bloodboon Slash from 15% to 10% total HP.
    
80. Reduced the FP cost of Pest Darts from 38 to 32.
    
81. Increased the damage of Rock Burst.
    
82. Increased the homing of Meteor Sling.
    
83. Increased the speed and range of Magma Shot’s projectile.
    
84. Increased the damage of Lava Blast. (Additional community testing and feedback requested for balance)
    
85. Reduced the amount of percentage based damage dealt by Night Maiden’s Mist and Fog.
    
86. Corrected the descriptions of several Dragon Communion spells.
    
87. Increased the damage over time of the Suffocate spell.
    
88. Added damage over time to the Air Tax spell.
    
89. Fixed an issue causing Renna’s Barrier and Armor of Rime to cancel each other.
    
90. Fixed an issue causing Crimson Rose to have inconsistent hitboxes.
    
91. Increased the range of Blood Comet.
    
92. Increased the duration of Deranged Fury and Howl of Shabriri to 2 minutes.
    
93. Corrected the descriptions of Ghostflame Embrace and Sacrifice.
    
94. Significantly increased the damage and frost buildup of Ghostflame Embrace.
    
95. Corrected the descriptions of all Rancor spells to mention their frost build up.
    
96. Added passive stamina regeneration to the Accursed Binding enchantment. 
    
97. Fixed an issue causing Soul Burn (spell) and Soul Annihilation to stack.
    
98. Corrected the description of Roiling Magma to be more accurate.
    
99. Fixed an issue causing Blessing of Wisdom to also boost holy weapon damage.
    
100. Fixed an issue where several spells would not get the benefit of the Godfrey Icon when charging.
    
101. Spirit Link can be now toggled off.
    
102. Ancestral Infant's Head and Spirit Vapor now won’t cancel one another.
    
103. Corrected the damage calculation for Psychic Corrosion.
    
104. Fixed an issue where various Legendary Enchantment spells could not stack with Malenia's Greatrune.
    

### Items

105. Overhauled and expanded the items sold by four world merchants, most items sold by these merchants will have an unlimited supply of each item:  
      
    West Weeping Peninsula Isolated Merchant - The Collector  
    1. Great Dragonfly Head - 1000 Runes  
    2. Golden Centipede - 1000 Runes
    

3. Living Jar Shard - 1000 Runes

4. Human Bone Shard - 100 Runes

5. Yellow Ember - 1000 Runes  
6. Trina’s Lily - 1000 Runes  
7. Miquella’s Lily - 1000 Runes  
8. Arteria Leaf - 1000 Runes

9. Eye of Yelough - 1000 Runes  
10. String - 1000 Runes  
11. Gravel Stone - 1000 Runes  
12. Gold Firefly - 500 Runes

13. Silver Firefly - 500 Runes  
14. Glintstone Firefly - 500 Runes

15. Smoldering Butterfly - 500 Runes  
16. Aeonian Butterfly - 500 Runes  
17. Nascent Butterfly - 500 Runes  
18. Silver Tear Husk - 500 Runes  
19. Bloodrose - 500 Runes  
20. Sanctuary Stone - 500 Runes

21. Cracked Crystal - 500 Runes

22. Volcanic Stone - 500 Runes

23. Formic Rock - 500 Runes  
24. Ruin Fragment - 500 Runes

25. Note: Wandering Mausoleums - 1000 Runes  
  
East Limgrave (Mistwood) Merchant - The Woodsman  
1. Beast Liver - 1000 Runes

2. Beast Blood - 1000 Runes

3. Lump of Flesh - 1000 Runes

4. Turtle Neck Meat - 1000 Runes

5. Albinauric Bloodclot - 1000 Runes

6. Budding Horn - 1000 Runes

7. Old Fang - 1000 Runes

8. Flight Pinion - 1000 Runes

9. Stormhawk Feather - 1000 Runes

10. Four-Toed Fowl Foot - 1000 Runes

11. Slumbering Egg - 1000 Runes

12. Crab Eggs - 1000 Runes

13. Land Octopus Ovary - 1000 Runes

14. Thin Beast Bones - 1000 Runes

15. Hefty Beast Bones - 1000 Runes

16. Gold-Tinged Excrement - 1000 Runes

17. Blood-Tainted Excrement - 1000 Runes

18. Sliver of Meat - 1000 Runes

19. Strip of White Fresh - 1000 Runes

20. Arrow - 50 Runes

21. Bolt - 50 Runes

22. Great Arrow - 100 Runes

23. Ballista Bolt - 100 Runes

24. Light Crossbow - 2000 Runes

25. Shortbow - 2000 Runes

  

East Weeping Peninsula (Morne Rampart) Merchant - The Herbalist

1. Miranda Powder - 2000 Runes

2. Rowa Fruit - 50 Runes

3. Golden Rowa - 100 Runes

4. Rimed Rowa - 200 Runes

5. Herba - 500 Runes

6. Dewkissed Herba - 500 Runes

7. Mushroom - 500 Runes

8. Toxic Mushroom - 500 Runes

9. Melted Mushroom - 500 Runes

10. Erdleaf Flower - 500 Runes

11. Faded Erdleaf Flower - 500 Runes

12. Fire Blossom - 500 Runes

13. Poisonbloom - 500 Runes

14. Fulgurbloom - 500 Runes

15. Altus Bloom - 500 Runes

16. Grave Violet - 500 Runes

17. Tarnished Golden Sunflower - 500 Runes

18. Golden Sunflower - 500 Runes

19. Crystal Bud - 500 Runes

20. Rimed Crystal Bud - 500 Runes

21. Sacramental Bud - 500 Runes

22. Root Resin - 500 Runes

23. Cave Moss - 500 Runes

24. Budding Cave Moss - 500 Runes

25. Crystal Cave Moss - 500 Runes

  

West Limgrave (Beach) Merchant - The Survivalist

1. Kukri - 150 Runes

2. Throwing Dagger - 50 Runes

3. Fan Dagger - 75 Runes

4. Poison Bone Dart - 75 Runes

5. Crystal Dart - 75 Runes

6. Bone Dart - 25 Runes

7. Poison Stone - 300 Runes

8. Poison Stone Clump - 500 Runes

9. Explosive Stone - 200 Runes

10 Explosive Stone Clump - 400 Runes

11. Glintstone Scrap - 200 Runes

12. Large Glintstone Scrap - 400 Runes

13. Cuckoo Glintstone - 400 Runes

14. Gravity Stone Chunk - 400 Runes

15. Gravity Stone Fan - 400 Runes

16. Neutralizing Boluses - 750 Runes

17. Stanching Boluses - 750 Runes

18. Stimulating Boluses - 750 Runes

19. Preserving Boluses - 750 Runes

20. Thawfrost Boluses - 750 Runes

21. Clarifying Boluses - 750 Runes

22. Rejuvenating Boluses - 750 Runes

23. Note: Land Squirts - 2000 Runes

24. Note: Stonedigger Trolls - 2000 Runes

25. Note: Demihumans - 2000 Runes

  

106. Added a new system to Tier-2 armor sets for non-magic classes. The following armors now have additional abilities as long as the player does not have a weapon equipped that scales with INT or FTH - The details of each item’s abilities can be found in the item’s detailed descriptions. All Tier 2 melee armors have been moved to new locations on the maps to provide a progression for those classes, similar to spell runes for magic classes. The notes at the starting locations for those classes have been updated to reflect this:
    

  

Ronin Set:

Ronin Gauntlets (Murkwater Catacombs) - Increases STR and DEX by 2 and reduces weapon stamina cost by 2%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Ronin's Resourcefulness - When you use a grease, you gain an effect that reduces the stamina cost of attacks by 100% for 15 seconds.

  

Ronin Greaves (Given by Yura in Liurnia after the invasion encounter)  - Increases STR and DEX by 2 and reduces weapon stamina cost by 2%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Ronin's Reflexes - When you drink a cerulean flask, you gain an effect that dramatically reduces your equip-load and increases dodge-roll effectiveness for 1 minute.

  

Ronin Armor (Dropped by Violet Bloody Finger Eleonora) - Increases STR and DEX by 4 and reduces weapon stamina cost by 4%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Ronin's Precision - When you drink a crimson flask, you gain an effect that increases the poise damage you deal by 30% for 15 seconds.

  

Iron Kasa (Found on the body of Yura after his possession by Shabriri) - Increases STR and DEX by 2 and reduces weapon stamina cost by 2%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Ronin's Spirit - When you drink your flask of wondrous physick, you gain an effect that decreases the FP cost of weapon skills by 100% and increases all damage you deal by 5% for 2 minutes.

  
  

Scaled Set:

Scaled Gauntlets (Coastal Cave) - Increases STR and DEX by 1 and increases weapon damage by 1%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Istvan's Ingenuity - When you use a grease, you gain an effect that causes your HP, FP and Stamina to regenerate rapidly for 15 seconds.

  

Scaled Greaves (Dropped by Istvan after invasion) - Increases STR and DEX by 1 and increases weapon damage by 1%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Spell Breaker - When you drink a cerulean flask, you gain an effect that causes nearby spell projectiles to deflect away from you for 20 seconds.

  

Scaled Armor (Redmane Castle) - Increases STR and DEX by 2 and increases weapon damage by 2%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Tarnished Endurance - When you drink a crimson flask, you gain an effect that makes you immune to stagger and grants immunity to status build-up for 10 seconds.

  

Scaled Helm (Consecrated Snowfield Catacombs) - Increases STR and DEX by 1 and increases weapon damage by 1%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Mortal Blow - When you drink your wonderous physick, you gain an effect that causes the damage of your next attack with your right-hand weapon to be increased by 200%.

  
  

Night’s Cavalry Set:

Night’s Cavalry Gauntlets (Limgrave Night's Cavalry Drop) - Reduces weapon stamina cost by 2% and increases weapon damage by 2%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Dogged Pursuit - When you use a grease, you gain an effect that causes you to sprint when your character moves with no stamina cost for 20 seconds.

  

Night’s Cavalry Greaves (East Liurnia Night's Cavalry Drop) - Reduces weapon stamina cost by 2% and increases weapon damage by 2%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Aura of Despair - When you drink a blue flask, you become surrounded by a cursed aura, nearby enemies will deal 15% reduced damage and damage done to them will be increased by 5%. The aura lasts for 45 seconds.

  

Night’s Cavalry Armor (Leyndell, near the Erdtree Sanctuary Grace) - Reduces weapon stamina cost by 4% and increases weapon damage by 4%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Blood Thirst - When you drink a crimson flask, you gain a buff that causes all weapon attacks to recover HP for 20 seconds.

  

Night’s Cavalry Helm (Night's Cavalry in Consecrated Snowfield) - Reduces weapon stamina cost by 2% and increases weapon damage by 2%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Fell Aspect - When you drink your wonderous physick, you gain an effect that increases your HP, FP and total Stamina by 15%, this lasts for 2 minutes. While this buff is active, you become surrounded by a cursed aura that causes nearby enemies to be slowly drained of their HP.

  

Godrick Knight Set:

Godrick Knight Gauntlets (Morne Tunnel) - Increases STR, DEX and END by 2. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Knightly Redoubt - When you use a grease, you gain an effect that improves your guard stability and causes you to be healed when you block any attack. This effect lasts for 45 seconds.

  

Godrick Knight Greaves (Stormveil Castle Chest) - Increases STR, DEX and END by 2. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Golden Bulwark - When you drink a blue flask, you gain an effect that increases your total HP and Stamina by 10% and increases the damage of guard-counter attacks and thrusting attacks while blocking by 15%. This effect lasts for 1 minute.

  

Godrick Knight Armor (Golden Lineage Evergaol) - Increases STR, DEX and END by 4. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Enduring Legacy - When you drink a crimson flask, you gain an effect that causes 20 stamina recovery and immunity to stagger for 30 seconds.

  

Godrick Knight Helm (Haligtree Town Chest) - Increases STR, DEX and END by 2. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Bloodline's Reckoning - When you drink your wonderous physick, you gain an effect that lasts for 2 minutes that causes a secondary effect each time you block an attack, this secondary effect increases all damage you deal by 3% and can stack with itself up to a total of 30% damage increase. When the duration of the primary effect expires, all stacks will also end.

  

Veteran’s Set:

Veteran’s Gauntlets (Fort Gael Chest) - Increases STR and DEX by 1 and also increases END and VIG by 2. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Offensive Formation - When you use a grease, you and all allies gain an effect that increases all damage you deal by 5% for 30 seconds.

  

Veteran’s Greaves (Commander O'Neil Drop) - Increases STR and DEX by 1 and also increases END and VIG by 2. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Veteran's Shelter - When you drink a blue flask, you become surrounded by a large aura, you and any allies within the aura gain 15% damage reduction and gain immunity to the status build-up of Rot, Poison, Frostbite and Deathblight. This effect lasts for 1 minute.

  

Veteran’s Armor (Redmane Castle) - Increases STR and DEX by 2 and also increases END and VIG by 4. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Commander's Solace - When you drink a red flask, you and allies gain a buff that continuously recovers 15 HP per second for 45 seconds.

  

Veteran’s Helm (Commander Niall Drop) - Increases STR and DEX by 1 and also increases END and VIG by 2. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: For Glory - When you drink your wonderous physick, you and all allies gain an effect that increases all stats by 5 for 2 minutes.

  

Elden Lord Set:

Elden Lord Bracers (Highroad Cave) - Increases STR by 2 and reduces weapon stamina cost by 4%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Noble Willpower - When you use a grease, you gain 5 stamina recovery and 20 HP recovery per second for 1 minute.

  

Elden Lord Greaves (Stormveil Castle) - Increases STR by 2 and reduces weapon stamina cost by 4%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Regal Outburst - When you drink a blue flask, You emit a roar that knocks away enemies and deflects non-magical projectiles. You also gain an effect that increases all damage you deal by 10% for 1 minute.

  

Elden Lord Armor (Leyndell near Erdtree Sanctuary grace) - Increases STR by 4 and reduces weapon stamina cost by 8%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Barbaric Fortitude - When you drink a red flask, you gain an effect that decreases all incoming damage by 15% for 1 minute, this effect stacks with itself.

  

Elden Lord Crown (Near Gateway to the Forge) - Increases STR by 2 and reduces weapon stamina cost by 4%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Lion's Aspect - When you drink your wonderous physick, you gain a buff that adds 5 additional stamina recovery, lowers the FP cost of weapon skill attacks by 20% and 30% additional poise damage. Lasts for 2 minutes.

  

Raging Wolf Set:

Raging Wolf Gauntlets (Cuckoo Evergaol) - Increases STR and END by 1 and increases weapon damage by 1%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Essence of the Wolf - When you use a grease, you gain an effect that causes all successful attacks on enemies to recover 5% of total HP and 10% of total FP for 30 seconds.

  

Raging Wolf Greaves (Gelmir Hero's Grave) - Increases STR and END by 1 and increases weapon damage by 1%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Wolf's Cunning - When you drink a blue flask, you gain an effect that increases your Endurance, Mind, Vigor and Strength by 5 for 1 minute.

  

Raging Wolf Armor (Found while assisting Bernahl in Leyndell) - Increases STR and END by 2 and increases weapon damage by 2%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Lupine Gambit - When you drink a red flask, you gain an effect that increases all damage you deal by 10% as long as your HP is full, lasts for 30 seconds.

  

Raging Wolf Helm (Farum Azula, near Rooftops grace) - Increases STR and END by 1 and increases weapon damage by 1%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Shadowbeast - When you drink your flask of wondrous physick, you gain an effect that makes you invulnerable to enemy attacks for 10 seconds.

  

Lionel’s Set:

Lionel’s Gauntlets (Summonwater Village) - Increases STR by 1 and reduces weapon stamina cost by 4% and increases weapon damage by 1%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Friend of Death - When you use a grease, you gain an effect that removes any negative effects from summoning and causes 5 additional stamina recovery. Lasts for 5 minutes.

  

Lionel’s Greaves (Leyndell, near Lower Capital Church grace) - Increases STR by 1 and reduces weapon stamina cost by 4% and increases weapon damage by 1%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Protector of the Fallen - When you use a blue flask, you and all allies gain a buff that causes 15 HP recovery per second and reduces all incoming damage by 10%, lasts for 2 minutes.

  

Lionel’s Armor (War-Dead Catacombs) - Increases STR by 2 and reduces weapon stamina cost by 8% and increases weapon damage by 2%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Command the Legion - When you use a red flask, you and your allies gain a buff that causes a 5% increase to damage you deal and you and each ally gain an aura that causes constant deathblight build-up on all nearby enemies. Lasts for 1 minute.

  

Lionel’s Helm (Deeproot Depths) - Increases STR by 1 and reduces weapon stamina cost by 4% and increases weapon damage by 1%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Fia's Champion - When you drink your flask of wondrous physick, you gain an effect that will force enemies to attack you. Also, whenever you take damage, you and your allies gain a buff that increases all damage you deal by 1%, this buff stacks with itself. The primary effect lasts for 2 minutes. The secondary stackable buffs last for 30 seconds each. When the duration of the primary effect expires, all stacks will also end. You also gain a death ward effect that will prevent your death one time.

  

Bull-Goat Set:

Bull-Goat Gauntlets (Sold by Patches) - Increases STR, END and VIG by 2. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Undaunted Combatant - When you use a grease, you gain an effect that causes your absorption to all damage to increase by 5% every time you take damage. This effect can stack up to a total of 50% absorption. This effect lasts for 2 minutes. When the duration of the primary effect ends, all stacks will also end.

  

Bull-Goat Greaves (Fort Faroth) - Increases STR, END and VIG by 2. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Ram Through - When you drink a blue flask, you gain an effect that increases all poise damage you deal by 20% and causes you to sprint when you move your character with no stamina cost for 15 seconds.

  

Bull-Goat Armor (Found after defeating Great Horned Tragoth) - Increases STR, END and VIG by 4. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Warrior's Heart - When you drink a red flask, you gain an effect that increases your total HP by 15% and endurance and strength by 10. Lasts for 20 seconds.

  

Bull-Goat Helm (Farum Azula, near Dragon Temple Lift grace) - Increases STR, END and VIG by 2. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Juggernaut - When you drink your flask of wondrous physick, you gain 30 HP recovery per second and become immune to stagger for 1 minute.

  
  

Kaiden Set:

Kaiden Gauntlets (Carriage in Limgrave) - Reduces weapon stamina cost by 2% and increases weapon damage by 2%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Tactical Efficiency - When you use a grease, you gain an effect that causes 3% of your FP and stamina to recover every time you hit an enemy with a weapon. This effect lasts for 1 minute.

  

Kaiden Trousers (Shaded Castle) - Reduces weapon stamina cost by 2% and increases weapon damage by 2%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Duelist's Crescendo - When you drink a blue flask, you gain an effect that increases your total damage by 2% every time you hit an enemy with a weapon. This stacks up to 30% total damage increase. This effect lasts for 45 seconds. When the duration of the primary effect ends or when another blue flask is used, all stacks also end.

  

Kaiden Armor (Carriage in Consecrated Snowfield) - Reduces weapon stamina cost by 4% and increases weapon damage by 3%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Hindering Barrage - When you drink a red flask, you gain an effect for 1 minute that causes enemies struck by your attacks to deal 3% decreased damage for 20 seconds. This secondary effect stacks with itself on enemies. Each instance of the damage decreasing effect will have its own 20 second duration.

  

Kaiden Helm (Elphael Chest) - Reduces weapon stamina cost by 2% and increases weapon damage by 2%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Sublime Technique - When you drink your flask of wondrous physick, you gain an effect that increases your endurance and dexterity by 15 and the damage of your weapon skills is and your poise damage is increased by 10%. Lasts for 2 minutes.

  

Leather Set:

Leather Gloves (Slumbering Wolf Shack) - Increases DEX by 2 and critical damage by 2% and increases stamina recovery speed by 1. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Caustic Coating - When you use a grease, your weapon also gains a buff that will apply a draining effect to enemies. This effect will drain a small amount of enemy HP every second and lasts for 3 seconds. This effect does not stack. The draining effect will apply as long as your grease is active.

  

Leather Boots (Volcano Manor just beyond Temple of Eiglay) - Increases DEX by 2 and critical damage by 2% and increases stamina recovery speed by 1. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Thief's Wit - When you drink a blue flask, you gain an effect that increases your endurance by 10, increases the effectiveness of your dodges and increases the amount of runes you gain by 15% for 1 minute.

  

Leather Armor (Gaol Cave cliff ledge) - Increases DEX by 4 and critical damage by 4% and increases stamina recovery speed by 2. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Run Through - When you drink a red flask, you gain a buff that will increase the damage of your critical attacks by 10% and when you perform a critical attack, 100% of your stamina and FP are recovered. This effect lasts for 30 seconds.

  

Black Hood (Ringleader's Evergaol) - Increases DEX by 2 and critical damage by 2% and increases stamina recovery speed by 1. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Deadly Acrobat - When you drink your flask of wondrous physick, you gain an effect that will cause all of your dodges and jumps to increase your dexterity and endurance by 1 and your Max HP and FP by 1% each time you dodge or jump. This effect stacks with itself. This effect lasts for 2 minutes. When the primary duration ends, all stacks will also end.

  
  

Raptor’s Set:

Raptor’s Gloves (Stormveil Rooftops) - Increases DEX by 2 and critical damage by 4%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Wicked Edge - When you use a grease, you gain an effect that lasts for 1 minute that increases critical damage you deal by 5%. Also, when you perform a critical attack you gain a secondary buff that increases all damage you deal by 10%. This secondary buff lasts for 30 seconds, this effect does not stack with itself.

  

Raptor’s Boots (Sage's Cave) - Increases DEX by 2 and critical damage by 4%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Assassin's Preparation - When you drink a blue flask, you gain a buff that will apply a secondary effect every 5 seconds. The secondary effect will increase the damage you deal by 3% stacking up to a total of 12%. If you take damage or when the duration of the primary effect ends, all stacks will be removed. The primary effect lasts for 2 minutes.

  

Raptor’s Black Feathers (Caelid Deathrite Bird) - Increases DEX by 4 and critical damage by 8%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Withering Recovery - When you drink a red flask, you gain a buff that increases your total HP by 10% and when you perform a critical attack, you gain a protective shield that will prevent 90% of the damage of the next hit you take. If you are hit while this shield is active, the damage from that hit will not cause the stacks from Assassin's Preparation to be removed. This effect lasts for 45 seconds.

  

Skeletal Mask (Giant's Mountaintops Catacombs) - Increases DEX by 2 and critical damage by 4%. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Vanish into Shadows - When you drink your flask of wondrous physick, you become surrounded by a dark cloud of smoke, enemies hit by the cloud will instantly become staggered and will disengage from combat.

  
  

Blackguard’s Iron Mask (Found at the end of Boggart's quest) - Increases weapon damage by 2%, critical damage by 4% and adds stamina recovery speed by 1. If you do not have a weapon equipped with INT/FTH scaling, this item has the following effect: Boggart's Iron Fist - When you drink your flask of wondrous physick you gain an effect that increases the poise damage you deal by 30% and increases your critical damage by 10%. This effect lasts for 2 minutes.

  
  

107. Moved the Shimmering and Glowing runes for the Fundamentalist class (Golden Order). The shimmering rune has been moved to Fort Haight and the glowing rune is now located in Castle Morne. The class note has been updated to reflect this.
    
108. Moved the Tier 2 Casting Seal for the Frenzied Zealot class (Frenzy). It is now located in Castle Morne. The class note has been updated to reflect this.
    
109. Summoning Torrent after he has died no longer costs a Crimson Flask.
    
110. Corrected all misleading buff icons given from armor buffs.
    
111. All armor rarities have been adjusted to be more accurate.
    
112. Removed the second copy of the Crucible Horn Shield that was obtainable at the vanilla location.
    
113. Removed duplicate instances of the Erdsteel Dagger and the Guilty Hood.
    
114. Fixed an issue causing the Perfumer class to not start with perfumer bolts.
    
115. Changed the item that Albus in the Albinauric Village drops to a Numen Rune instead of a Lord’s Rune and fixed an issue causing that item to be obtainable twice.
    
116. Increased the effectiveness of the Winged Sword Talisman damage tiers from 3%, 5% and 10% to 6%, 8% and 13%.
    
117. Increased the effectiveness of the Mottled Necklace.
    
118. Added an effect to the Blackguard’s Iron Mask and updated the description. The item now increases weapon damage by 2%, critical damage by 4% and increases stamina recovery speed by 1. 
    
119. Added an effect to the Deathbed Smalls and updated the description. The item now increases INT and FTH by 2, reduces FP cost of sorcery by 2% and increases damage of Death Sorcery by 1%.
    
120. Corrected numerous item descriptions.
    
121. Corrected numerous detailed item icons.
    
122. Corrected the stat requirements for the Spiritshaper Seal.
    
123. The rewards for giving Gideon intel on the shard bearers can now be obtained from the Twin Maiden Husks after Gideon’s demise.
    
124. Swapped the rewards for the fifths and sixth deathroot you give to Gurranq.
    
125. Fixed an issue where the Large Somber Stone in the Gatefront chest would be inaccessible if you picked up the Note: Path of the Vanguard
    
126. Reduced the amount of resources recovered by Taker’s Cameo.
    
127. Added the Spinning Strikes, Bloody Slash, Storm Stomp and Hoarfrost Stomp Ash of Wars back into the map.  
    - Spinning Strikes is sold by Bernhal.
    

- Bloody Slash is dropped by the knight at the top of Fort Haight.

- Storm Stomp is dropped by Storm Caller Curtis in Stormveil.

- Hoarfrost Stomp is dropped by a scarab behind Caria Manor.

128. Renamed and replaced various Ghost-/Grave Gloveworts:  
    - Glovewort [1] - [3] are now Sprouting Ghost-/Grave Gloveworts.  
    - Glovewort [4] - [5] are now Seedling Ghost-/Grave Gloveworts.  
    - Glovewort [6] - [7] are now Budding Ghost-/Grave Gloveworts.  
    - Glovewort [8] - [9] are now Blooming Ghost-/Grave Gloveworts.  
    - Great Ghost-/Grave Glovewort is now Elder Ghost-/Grave Gloveworts.
    
129. Restored the following items, which were previously unobtainable:  
    - Aberrant Heretic Set  
    - Nox Oracle Set  
    - Engvall Spirit Ash  
    - Rotten Staff
    
130. Removed duplicates of the following equipment:  
    - Elden Lord Set  
    - Guilty Hood  
    - Erdsteel Dagger  
    - Crucible Hornshield  
    - Alabaster Lord’s Sword  
    - Beast Repellent Torch
    
131. Fixed incorrect flags that allowed you to duplicate the following Ashes of War at the wrong moments:  
    - Beast Roar  
    - Square Off  
    - Spinning Slash
    

### Enemies

132. New Boss - Shabriri’s Chosen - Found near Castle Morne.
    
133. Lowered the total HP of Godrick the Grafted by 15%.
    
134. New NPC - Stormcaller Curtis - Added to Stormveil Castle.
    
135. New NPC - Necromancer Domo - Added to Stormveil Castle.
    
136. New NPC - Glint Sorcerer Bree - Added to Raya Lucaria.
    
137. New NPC - Fundamentalist Gino - Added to Castle Morne
    
138. New NPC - Darkmoon Knight Oroboro - Added to Chelona’s Rise
    
139. Added the following bosses to the Boss Resurrection Altar:  
    - Margit, the Fell Omen  
    - Sigur, Night’s Captain  
    - Dragonkin Soldier of Nokstella  
    - Mimic Tear  
    - Crucible Knight Siluria  
    - Dragonkin Soldier (Deeproot Depths)  
    - Seera, Blade of the Ancients  
    - Bols, Carian Knight  
    - Loretta, Knight of the Haligtree  
    - Godskin Noble (Volcano Manor)  
    - Godskin Apostle (Divine Tower of Caelid)  
    - Magma Wyrm Makar  
    - Royal Knight Loretta  
    - Elemer of the Briar  
    - Shabriri’s Chosen  
    - Dakk, Starcaller lord  
    - Commander Niall
    
140. Fixed various quest or object related issues caused by resurrecting bosses.
    
141. Removed sleep immunity from all enemies.
    
142. Corrected the visuals of the Glintstone Miner enemies to be gravity themed.
    
143. Added damage immunity to many bosses before their fight begins.
    
144. Fixed an issue where Maliketh, The Black Blade’s death would not be registered properly in certain situations.
    
145. Fixed an issue where the Erdtree Sentries would stop producing sound if you lure them out far enough from their original location.
    
146. Lansseax can no longer be fought in Altus Plateau if she is defeated in Farum Azula.
    
147. Corrected the Ash of War that Great Horned Tragoth has while invading him.
    
148. Fixed an issue where the Farum Azula Beastman inside Dragonbarrow Cave remained invincible when fighting him for the first time.
    
149. Fixed a bug where the Godskin Matriarch would go idle when the host dies during a seamless co-op battle.
    
