> [!info] Source
> [Original post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZaIp9ZVebC16GJKmarVSXq5AfGW7TPlTSvI9mMTpa9I/preview)

## General

1. Added new panels and art for the character selection screen while creating a character. There is now a custom panel for all 27 classes in the mod.
2. Fixed an issue causing many different buffs to not function while in invasion events.

## Maps

3. Removed a potential skip in Castle Morne.
4. Moved the grace in Castle Morne town to closer to the entrance.
5. Removed an unintentional floating wall in Liurnia.
6. Fixed some collision issues in Stormveil.
7. Fixed an issue causing the player to turn the wrong way while entering a fog wall in Deeproot Depths.
8. Set up boss zones for the mini-bosses in Deeproot that will cause the player to spawn outside the boss rooms after quitting out.
9. Fixed numerous summoning dead zones across several maps.
10. Fixed several collision issues on various maps.
11. Removed an extra ladder Castle Morne.

## Enemies

12. Shabriri’s Chosen can no longer be backstabbed.
13. Potentially fixed an issue causing Shabriri’s Chosen to be affected by aggro-breaking effects. (Needs community testing)
14. Fixed an issue causing the knight in Stormveil guarding the rusty key to become invincible in certain circumstances.
15. Fixed an issue causing the Oroboro NPC to respawn after death.

## Items

16. Removed some items from Gostoc’s shop that are now part of mod progression.
17. Corrected the icon for Assassin’s Curio.
18. Changed the Mausoleum Knight Helmet to now hide your character’s head.
19. All absorption values on the Drake talismans and the Dragoncrest Greatshield Talisman have been reduced. All single Drake talismans now increase absorption by 30%, down from 50%. The Dragoncrest Greatshield Talisman now reduces physical absorption by 15%, down from 25%.
20. Corrected the menu text in the crafting menu by adding a space between the item name and the “x3” after it.
21. Fixed an issue causing some new armor buffs to not reset while resting at a grace.
22. Fixed bugs with the following new non-magic armor buffs:

- Elden Lord Greaves
- Scaled Helmet
- Raging Wolf Helm
- Black Hood
- Veteran’s Greaves

## Spells

23. Fixed an issue causing Sadistic Glee to not function correctly.
24. Fixed an issue causing some spell combo chains to lead into the animation for Telekinetic Assault unexpectedly.
25. Fixed an issue causing Astral Alignment to silence the sound effects for footsteps.
26. Fixed several issues with Godslayer’s Devotion causing it to not function properly.
27. Molten Stride should now persist while walking through a fog wall.

## Weapons

28. Fixed a few issues related to the animations of Rimeheart.
29. Fixed some issues related to the Longsword’s animations.
30. Fixed an issue causing the Zephyr Blades R2 attacks to deal too much poise damage.
31. Fixed an issue causing the Poisonous Mist and Chilling Mist Ash of Wars to stagger the enemy to the floor.
32. Re-added Hoarfrost Stomp to the Icerind Hatchet.
