> [!info] Source
> [Original post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1eVziTMZeVzwRw2DthJwt54ZUDfhs4-D0rTmsVBpTPRQ/edit#heading=h.yyjx47txzjgk)

### General

1. Fixed an issue where using the Hide Helmet feature caused you to gain no more runes and disable health regeneration from various sources.
    
2. Fixed an issue where a large sum of weapons could not be duplicated at the walking mausoleum.
    
3. Fixed an issue where the bell-less walking mausoleums would not have any visual effects on the altar during the duplication process.
    
4. The patch now includes the alt_saves.dll again.
    

### Maps

5. Increased the region of the Stake of Marika on the way up to the Frenzy Shrine
    
6. Added more objects to hide behind on the way up to the Frenzy Shrine.
    
7. Adjusted the visual effect of the Frenzy Shrine to be floating above the shrine instead of inside of it.
    
8. Corrected a killbox in Castle Morne that would cause you to die while going up the elevator.
    
9. Patched up holes in Shabriri’s Chosen’s Arena.
    
10. Fixed an issue where the Frenzy Shrine would not do fire damage and frenzy build up in certain scenarios.
    
11. Fixed an issue where the lever that opens a secret door in Morne Castle would not work in certain scenarios.
    
12. Removed a tree that was causing issues in the boss-arena in the Castle Morne Courtyard.
    
13. Patched an infinite fall in Castle Morne
    
14. Added a couple braziers to Castle Morne to make spotting the nearby ladders easier.
    
15. Restored an enemy’s appearance in Raya Lucaria.
    
16. Fixed some missing collisions in Raya Lucaria.
    
17. Corrected the name of the Collector Merchant’s Shack.
    
18. Fixed an issue where standing on a specific part of the expansion of Stormveil would cause the world to unload around you.
    
19. Adjusted some objects to better connect with the map.
    

### Enemies

20. Fixed an issue where the mini-bosses in Deeproot Depths would come back after resting at a grace.
    
21. Shortened the duration for Shabriri’s Chosen to appear when encountered for the second (or more) time.
    
22. Fixed an issue that would cause Shabriri’s Chosen to not be immune to aggro-breaking effects.
    

### Items

23. Added the Frenzied Flame Seal to the Weapons note of the Frenzied Zealot
    
24. Removed the Frenzied Flame Seal from its previous location at a Leyndell Merchant
    
25. Fixed an issue where buying the Mausoleum note from the Survivalist Merchant gives you the Demi-Human note instead.
    
26. Fixed an issue where the Raging Wolf Gauntlets would not drop from the Red Wolf of Radagon in the Cuckoo Evergoal.
    

### Weapons

27. Fixed certain animations on the Rimeheart.
    
28. Fixed an issue where the Ash of War of the Hammer of Virtue could still be used without the proper stats.
    
