> [!info] Source
> [Original post](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1HhTcVvPG1V9lK8AL90USQCCgc7Z4lBWrmCEmXV6XHHw/preview#heading=h.yyjx47txzjgk)

## General

1. Including [Tom Clark’s Transmogrify Armor](https://www.nexusmods.com/eldenring/mods/3596) mod with Convergence. This allows you to change what armor is shown or hide your armor, regardless of what armor you are actually wearing. The menu is accessed through Sites of Grace. Make sure to give him an Endorsement on NexusMods.
2. Added the Training Grounds Statue to Roundtable Hold that allows you to change equipment or modify various things regarding the dummy or the player whilst inside the Training Grounds.
3. Added a new consumable called Golden Extract. This consumable can be obtained by using your Golden Seeds on a new altar in South Altus Plateau. When using a Golden Extract, your HP and FP are restored to full and you get back your Wonderous Physick if it was expended.
4. Reworked the Baldachin’s Blessing consumable. It stacks to 10 and gives summoning debuff immunity until warp or death. It can be obtained from Fia or crafted for 1 Golden Centipede + 1 Grave Violet.
5. Reworked the class progression for the Nox Oracle class, it has received a new starting location, and several runes have been moved.
6. Your lantern will no longer be unequipped if you warp or die.
7. New characters start in the morning as opposed to midnight.
8. Disabled the granting of Steam Achievements to prevent lag spikes caused by the game trying to grant achievements while Steam is in offline-mode.
9. Added a small amount of i-frames to the backstep.
10. Reduced Crimson Flask healing to be somewhat closer to vanilla values but following a linear increase model. (This change will result in more healing overall than vanilla flask healing at higher reinforcement values but will be a significant decrease in healing from mod values in previous patches.)
11. Massively increased the size of all spirit summon regions, closing many remaining gaps regarding spirit summoning. Special thanks to @blabla132 in ?ServerName? for figuring this out.
12. Fixed a major issue causing people to crash while using Ray Tracing in certain circumstances.
13. Modified the extension for the AltSaves system from .mod to .cnv, this means that your characters are gone unless you modify the file extension in the saves folder.
    It is however highly recommended to start a new character for a major patch like this.

## Maps

14. The Lake of Rot and Volcano Manor have been extensively reworked.
15. Further expanded the Redmane Castle map rework.
16. Expanded Selia, Town of Sorcery / Sellia Crystal Tunnel to be a T2 Legacy Dungeon.
17. Added the Lucarian Nexus north of the Academy Gate Town. Requires the Mysterious Gate Key to access, which is obtained by killing Glintstone Dragon Smarag.
18. Added the Ruined Shipyard in West Weeping Peninsula. With a fast travel option to the Ruined Shipyard in North Caelid.
19. Added the Ruined Shipyard in North Caelid. With a fast travel option to the Ruined Shipyard in West Weeping Peninsula.
    Stepping on to a boat in either location will warp you to the other.

20. Reworked Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel to be Nox themed.
21. Reworked the Mirage Rise puzzle and the surrounding area to be Nox themed.
22. Reworked the Stargazer Ruins to be Nox themed.
23. Updated Academy Crystal Cave to be more difficult.
24. The portal to Rykard has been replaced with a physical path.
25. The damage tick rate of environmental lava has been greatly accelerated.
26. Added a lever in Raya Lucaria that allows the water wheel to be turned back on. (This will allow players an alternative to performing the jump puzzle.)
27. Added a sigil teleporter behind the Grand Library Key that leads back to the room near Moongrum.
28. Redesigned the jump puzzle in Raya Lucaria.
29. Moved a chest originally found behind an illusory wall to be behind the new Crystallian in Raya Lucaria.
30. Added a new route to Castle Morne that allows you to reach the Golem Archer.
31. Better indicated the correct routing in Castle Morne
32. Improved the puzzle in Castle Morne which is needed to obtain the Glowing Rune of Order. It now better communicates what is happening.
33. The Frenzy Shrine in Castle Morne and the Frenzy Flame Tower in Liurnia can no longer damage you if you are immune to the Frenzy Status.
34. Added a lever to Stormveil Castle that opens the gate in the courtyard near the Eastern Parapet site of Grace.
35. Moved the Lion Guardian in Stormveil Castle and adjusted the route to allow for other methods of approach.
36. Adjusted a couple assets to better visualize the way forward in Stormveil Castle.
37. Modified some geometry in Uld Palace Ruins - Liurnia to allow for easier routing.
38. Removed a couple Ancestral Archer’s from a chokepoint in Uld Palace Ruins - Liurnia to make it easier to traverse.
39. Added a Knight at the top of the Tower of Return that needs to be defeated before using the teleporter.
40. Added a Abductor Virgin mini-boss fight to Leyndell in the courtyard next to the Fortified Manor that you have to go through before getting full access to Leyndell when teleporting to Leyndell from the Tower of Return.
41. Blocked off the route along the waterfall in Deeproot Depths, forcing you to fight the Dragonkin in order to progress deeper.
42. Added a spirit spring behind the Ainsel River Well in Liurnia.
43. Added a spirit spring on the north-east side of the Four Belfries.
44. Added a spirit spring next to the Ancient Snow Valley Ruins which allows easier access to the Hermit Merchant and Stargazers’ Ruins in North Mountaintops of the Giants.
45. Added a bridge from the Carian Study Hall Entrance to Jarburg.
46. Added a one-way teleporter from Ranni’s Rise to Waypoint Ruins.
47. Added a one-way teleporter from Castle Morne to Frenzied Flame Village.
48. Added a new portal to the Four Belfries leading to Lake of Rot.
49. Adjusted many reinforcement materials found on the maps in Limgrave, Liurnia and Caelid overworld to lower tier materials or to a fewer quantity.
50. Moved the Fallen Ruins of the Lake site of grace to the Rose Church.
51. Removed the ability to ride Torrent after going up the elevator in Leyndell, Ashen Capital.
52. Removed several Golden Seeds from Altus Highway.
53. Removed the Waygate Teleporter from Slumbering Wolf Shack to Ordina Liturgical Town.
54. Removed the Fire Prelate patrolling inside Stranded Graveyard.
55. Removed the Fire Prelate guarding the lever in Minor Erdtree Catacombs.
56. Removed some Torrent-Disallowed Zones right outside Castle Morne’s walls.
57. Fixed render distance issues with a boss-arena in Farum Azula.
58. Fixed an issue causing a Knight in Castle Morne to aggro on players resting at the nearby grace.
59. Fixed an issue causing the waygate in Mohgwyn Palace to stack the VFX after resting at a grace.
60. Fixed a few locations on maps that could lead to players getting stuck in infinite falling animations.
61. Fixed a few locations on maps where there is geometry unintentionally clipping through the walls.
62. Fixed an issue causing Lansseax’s arena to unload while looking at it from certain locations.
63. Fixed a self-closing chest in Mountaintops of the Giants.
64. Fixed some transparent geometry in Raya Lucaria.
65. Fixed an issue of projectiles going through the floor in Stormveil Castle.
66. Fixed some assets fading in and out of view in various locations.
67. Fixed an issue causing certain assets to unload the world while standing on top of them in Siofra.
68. Improved the spawn points of the following classes:

- Retainer: Improved with additional structure
- Marksman: Additional decorations
- Berserker: Rebuilt the spawn location
- Dreadnaught: Moved to a new and improved location
- Rogue: Added decorations
- Glint Sorcerer: Rebuilt the spawn location
- Starcaller: Moved slightly to a nearby location. Improved starting sequence
- Underworld Mage: Moved slightly to a new and improved location
- Volcanist: Added decorations
- Stormcaller: Rebuilt the spawn location and improved starting sequence
- Nox Oracle: Moved to a new and improved location
- Necromancer: Rebuilt the spawn location
- Frost Witch: Improved spawn sequence
- Aberrant Heretic: Improved spawn sequence
- Fire Prophet: Added decorations
- Fundamentalist: Added decorations
- Bestial Devout: Improved starting sequence
- Dragon Cultist: Rebuilt the spawn location
- Frenzied Zealot: Moved slightly to a new and improved location
- Blood Initiate: Improved starting sequence
- Servant of Rot: Moved to a new and improved location
- Mystic: Rebuilt the spawn location
- Perfumer: Rebuilt the spawn location

69. The Erdtree travel system has been reworked. Each portal at a minor erdtree will be unlocked by defeating the boss next to it as before; however when a player teleports to a location where the boss is still alive, the player will be placed in a closed arena with that boss upon arriving and must defeat the boss before they can escape. The portal locations now have a more diverse array of bosses.

The list of these bosses is as follows:

- East Limgrave - Erdtree Guardian
- Stormhill - Grafted Scion
- Weeping Peninsula - Erdtree Avatar
- West Caelid - Warrior Jar Champion
- East Caelid - Putrid Avatar
- South Caelid - Kindred of Rot
- South Liurnia - Giant Crystal Crab
- West Liurnia - Carian Golem
- North Liurnia - Ancestral Shaman
- West Mt. Gelmir - Demi-Human Chief
- East Mt. Gelmir - Colossal Finger Creeper
- Central Altus - Wormface
- South Altus - Erdtree Sentry
- East Altus - Blighted Omen
- (New) Forbidden Lands - Deathbird
- North Mountaintops - Grand Flame Prelate
- South Mountaintops - Mountain Troll
- Consecrated Snowfield - Albinauric Wolf Rider
- Siofra (Nokron) - Devoted Night Maiden
- Ainsel - Nox Insect Cavalry
- Deeproot Depths - Ulcerated Tree Spirit

## Menu

70. Added a new menu item to the grace menu called: “Consume all runes”, which allows you to automatically consume all the runes or remembrances in your inventory in exchange for their runes.
71. Nomad Merchants have a new option in their menu that allows you to get their Bell Bearing without having to kill them.
72. Selecting a class in Character Creation will now give you a character that looks like the one you see in the Class Portraits.
73. Added two additional Attribute Scaling letters. S scaling starts at 175.

- Starting at 200: S+
- Starting at 225: S++

74. Color coded the damage affinities of spellcasting tools.
75. Underlined affinity tier on spellcasting tools.
76. Changed the UI layout of item descriptions allowing for more space for text.
77. Removed the “Sorcery Scaling” and “Incantation Scaling” fields from the weapon menus for spell tools. The number it displayed was incorrect and often misleading for players given the various ways the mod has changed the way spell scaling works internally.
78. Improved the message you get when interacting with the locked door in Raya Lucaria, without having the key.
79. Improved the menu of the Erdtree travel system.
80. Improved the interaction point for the boss resurrection system in Roundtable Hold.
81. Removed the Hide/Show Headgear option from the Clouded Mirror Stand, now that the Transmogrify Armor mod has been added.
82. Waygate Teleporters no longer have a prompt asking for confirmation.
83. Upgrading your Flasks at a site of grace no longer has a prompt asking for confirmation.
84. The messages like ‘A heavy door has opened somewhere’ have been changed to a blinking message that doest prevent the player from using actions such as rolls.
85. Changed the background to the character creation panel image for the Aberrant Heretic.
86. Fixed a long standing issue that would cause Roundtable Hold to be more to the bottom left in the world map.
87. Fixed an issue with the back-button functionality in the menu of the Boss Resurrection Altar.
88. Restored the visual effect on your Health Bar while under the effect of Maliketh’s Destined Death.
89. Corrected the location of the Composite Bow on the class notes.
90. Fixed various Item Description related issues.
91. Added some missing Armor Buff icons.
92. Made slight icon adjustments to the following spells:

- Energy Shell
- Sorcerer’s Lucidity
- Carian Acuity
- Anima Magica

## Enemies

93. New Boss - Scion of the Sealed God - Found in Lake of Rot.
94. New NPC - Nox Oracle Sadia - Added to Selia, Town of Sorcery.
95. New NPC - Volcanist Dist - Added to Volcano Manor.
96. New NPC - Snuppet, Servant of Rot - Added to Lake of Rot.
97. Removed the immunity to fake targets such as Shadow Bait for over half of the previously immune enemies.
98. Malenia is now much less likely to stagger from being hit by most attacks.
99. Any remaining damage immune or 50+% damage resistant enemies have been brought down to 50% damage resistance.
100. Gave the Faction Knights, such as the Redmane Knight, a new model for their helmets.
101. Fixed an issue causing people using Seamless to respawn Remembrance Bosses when using certain Spirit Summons in Roundtable Hold.
102. Corrected an issue causing certain enemies to drop too many runes.
103. Corrected the scaling values on several enemies.
104. Ulcerated and Putrid Tree Spirits will no longer drop Golden Seeds.
105. Replaced the Crucible Knight’s Bleed Immunity with a high Bleed Resistance.
106. Replaced Skarde's Bleed Immunity with a high Bleed Resistance.
107. Increased the speed of Morgott’s spear charge attack.
108. Increased Morgott’s poise from 80 to 110.
109. Increased Morgott’s HP by 20%.
110. Increased Maliketh’s poise from 80 to 100.
111. Increased Maliketh’s overall damage resistance by 10%.
112. The Golem Archer near Castle Morne will no longer respawn if killed.
113. Potentially fixed an issue preventing the NPC Oroboro from spawning. (Needs community testing).
114. Rebuilt the summoning sickness debuff system so it doesn’t cause unwanted behavior during Seamless sessions.
115. Fixed Skarde not wielding his own weapon.
116. Fixed an issue causing Spirit Summons to be hostile to you during NPC invasions.
117. Fixed an issue causing Kenneth Height to continue talking after meeting an early demise due to a lack of vertigo.
118. Fixed an issue causing Gideon to not properly die in his boss arena under certain circumstances, causing the player to be unable to progress.
119. Fixed an issue causing the Lion Guardian in Stormveil to not be placed back at his spawn location after resting at a grace.
120. Fixed an issue causing certain attacks from Godfrey, Elden Lord to oneshot you while under the effects of the Night’s Cavalry Helmet.
121. Fixed an issue causing certain enemies in Raya Lucaria to not have the correct difficulty or rune gain values.
122. Fixed an issue causing Bernahl to not walk through the fog wall well summoning him in Farum Azula.
123. Fixed an issue causing the Skeleton’s in Gelmir Hero’s Grave to be immune to lava damage.

## Items

124. Gave almost every enemy in the game a 0.5% chance to drop a Rune Arc.
125. Added a new talisman “Blasphemer's Crest” which will give the user immunity to environmental and Rykard’s lava damage. It can be obtained via Remnant Crafting with the new Warding Remnant.
126. The Primal Glintstone Blade talisman has been rebalanced. It now reduces the cost of spells by 10% (down from 25%) and no longer reduces total HP.
127. The Blessed Dew talisman now recovers 4 HP per second (up from 2).
128. Gave the Faction Knight helmets, such as the Redmane Knight Helm, a new model. The old model can still be used via Armor Alterations or Transmog.
129. You can now use Glass Shards to eat them, causing an instant bleed for 80% of your max health.
130. The Lands Between Rune Keepsake option in Character Creation has been replaced with a Imbued Stonesword Key.
131. The Bewitching Branch Keepsake option in Character Creation has been replaced with a Warding Remnant.
132. Moved the Shimmering Rune of Night to the Raya Lucaria Crystal Tunnel.
133. Moved the Glowing Rune of Night to the top of Mirage Rise.
134. Moved the Shining Rune of Night to the Stargazer Ruins.
135. Moved the Servant of Rot Armor to drop from Snuppet, Servant of Rot in Lake of Rot.
136. Removed the Tibia’s Summons spell from the Tibia Mariner in Altus Plateau
137. Fixed an issue causing spell runes to get deleted when going to the next NG cycle.
138. Fixed an issue causing the Land Squirt, Giant Rat and Putrid Corpse Spirit Summons to not appear when summoned. (Needs community testing)
139. Fixed an issue causing armor pieces that boost critical damage to increase all damage.
140. Fixed an issue causing the Black Hood’s effects to never expire.
141. Fixed an issue causing the Leather Gauntlets’ effects to not expire properly under certain circumstances.
142. Fixed an issue causing the Leather Gauntlets’ effect to apply on other actions such as rolling.
143. Fixed an issue causing Armor Abilities from the Lionel set or Veteran Set to not get removed if you unequip the armor or equip a magic scaling weapon.
144. Fixed an issue causing some Armor Abilities to not refresh their duration after they have been triggered again.
145. Fixed an issue causing the DoT effect from armor abilities or spells to be applied to allies under certain circumstances.
146. Fixed an issue causing you to benefit from multiple armor (helm) abilities before resting at a grace in certain scenarios.
147. Fixed an issue causing the Blackguard Iron Mask and the Kaiden Helm to not increase poise damage dealt.
148. Fixed an issue causing various Ashes of War to not be duplicatable with Lost Ashes of War.
149. Fixed an issue causing the Great Rune of the Rot Goddess to decrease all incoming healing.
150. Fixed an issue causing the Leather Armor critical damage increase to affect all damage.
151. Fixed an issue causing the Warrior Jar Shard to not buff certain weapons.
152. The Imbued Stonesword Keys used for the Four Belfries have been moved to the following locations:
1. Castle Morne
2. Stormveil Castle
3. Raya Lucaria
4. Caria Manor
5. Bonus -  As a choice for your Keepsake during Character Creation.
154. Split up the Status Immunity Talisman to only give immunity to 1 status each. It now goes as follows:
1. Immunizing Horn Charm - Grants immunity to poison.
2. Curative Horn Charm - Grants immunity to rot.
3. Stalwart Horn Charm - Grants immunity to bleed.
4. Warming Horn Charm - Grants immunity to frostbite.
5. Clarifying Horn Charm - Grants immunity to madness.
6. Rousing Horn Charm - Grants immunity to sleep.
7. Prince of Death’s Cyst - Grants immunity to death.
156. The pool of the Enchanted Remnant has been split up. 15 Talismans remain in the Enchanted Remnant pool, the other 20 Talismans are now found in the Warding Remnant. The Warding Remnant is a new remnant that can be found in the world that contains talismans of a defensive nature. The Enchanted Remnant locations have been halved and converted to Warding Remnants to adjust to this change. They are divided as follows:
1. **Enchanted Remnant**:
	1. Green Turtle Talisman
	2. Cerulean Seed Talisman
	3. Erdtree’s Favor
	4. Primal Glintstone Blade
	5. Moon of Nokstella
	6. Old Lord’s Talisman
	7. Radagon Icon
	8. Carian Filigreed Crest
	9. Godfrey Icon
	10. Perfumer’s Talisman
	11. Gold Scarab
	12. Silver Scarab
	13. Crepus’s Vial
	14. Concealing Veil
	15. Longtail Cat Talisman
2. **Warding Remnant**:
	1. Crucible Feather Talisman
	2. Crucible Scale Talisman
	3. Ritual Shield Talisman
	4. Blessed Dew Talisman
	5. Spelldrake Talisman
	6. Flamedrake Talisman
	7. Boltdrake Talisman
	8. Haligdrake Talisman
	9. Pearldrake Talisman
	10. Dragoncrest Greatshield Talisman
	11. Immunizing Horn Charm
	12. Curative Horn Charm
	13. Stalwart Horn Charm
	14. Warming Horn Charm
	15. Clarifying Horn Charm
	16. Rousing Horn Charm
	17. Prince of Death’s Cyst
	18. Mottled Necklace
	19. Taker’s Cameo
	20. Blasphemer’s Crest

## Spells

155. All spell buffs now have unique buff icons displayed on the player HUD below the resource bars.
156. Spirit Link, Accursed Blessing and Friend of Death will now cause your spirit summons to be colored in accordance to their relevant classes.
157. Molten Stride now causes immunity to environmental and Rykard’s lava.
158. Improved the visual effects of Flame Strike.
159. Slightly decreased the damage of Ancient Lightning Beacon and Electrocution.
160. Decreased the range of Ancient Lightning Beacon.
161. Reduced the stagger amount of Rune Shards.
162. Increased the stagger amount of Discus of Light and Triple Rings of Light.
163. Increased the range at which poison, rot and bleed are detected by spells that rely on a nearby status application.
164. Adjusted the visuals of Wave of Corruption to reduce visual noise.
165. Silenced the sound effects on several Stormcaller spells and Armor Abilities.
166. Reduced the poise damage of Burrowing Black Flame explosions by 20%.
167. Fixed an issue causing Burrowing Black Flame to always attach to a target even if the projectile does not reach an enemy.
168. Decreased the poise damage of Godslayer Sickle by 10%.
169. Decreased the total hit radius of the final explosion of Ire of the Dragon God from 48 to 40 meters.
170. Fixed an issue causing the Oath of Darkness critical damage increase to affect all damage.
171. Fixed an issue causing Death Ward to not be properly applied when casting Phoenix of Death.
172. Fixed an issue causing attacks with Black Flame Blade to apply the wrong color of black flame to the enemies.
173. Fixed an issue causing the spell Sacrifice not killing skeleton typed Spirit Summons.
174. Fixed an issue causing Frenzy Spells to deal no damage while under the effect of certain buffs.
175. Fixed an issue causing Dragonkin Retaliation to not scale with stats or damage increasing effects.
176. Fixed an issue causing Underworld Bubbleshield to not scale with damage increasing effects.
177. Fixed some inconsistencies amongst various spells and weapons dealing frostbite.
178. Fixed an issue causing Suffocate and Psychic Corrosion to not reduce the enemy’s poise.
179. The Bestial Devout spells are undergoing major changes in this patch:

- New Spell - Beast Talons
- New Spell - Savage Lunge
- New Spell - Seismic Instability
- New Spell - Stone Armor
- Increased the speed and accuracy of the projectiles of Stone of Garranq.
- Earthen Spikes has been reworked into a much shorter range spell that uses a stomp animation.
- The range of Beast Claw has been significantly increased.
- Tail Swipe, Horn Charge and Dragonmaw now have inherent stagger immunity during their cast animations.
- The animation speeds of Tail Swipe and Horn Charge have been significantly increased.
- Seismic Shock has been reworked into a new spell “Earthquake.”
- Two new mechanics have been added to certain Bestial spells:
    Rend - Makes affected enemies receive 5% more physical damage for 20 seconds.
    Concussion - Makes affected enemies deal 10% less damage for 20 seconds.

## Weapons

180. New Weapon: Phalanx Pike (Quality Spear) - Castle Morne Town East.
181. New Weapon: Emyr's Great Talons (Keen Claws) - Battlefield near Bridge of Iniquity.
182. New Weapon: Greatstaff of Decay (Rot Colossal) - Remembrance of the Scion of the Sealed God.
183. Erdsteel Dagger now has a new unique weapon skill - Flash of Gold.
184. Deathrite Dagger now has a new unique weapon skill - Blighted Breath.
185. Serpentbone Blade now has a new unique weapon skill - Virulent Slice.
186. Seething Flail now has a new unique weapon skill - Magma Splash.
187. The Gargoyle Great Axe now has a new unique weapon skill - Valiant Upheaval.
188. Gargoyle Black Axe now has a new unique weapon skill - Kindred’s Upheaval.
189. Marais Executioner Sword now has a modified weapon skill - Eochaid Stance.
190. Meteoric Ore Blade now has a new unique weapon skill - Cleave of Devastation.
191. Meteoric Ore Blade now has a new Heavy Attack.
192. Meteoric Ore Blade now has a new Backstep Attack.
193. Coded Sword has a new followup to its weapon skill.
194. The Cleanrot Knight Spear’s Ash of War has been changed to go in a vertical line instead of horizontal.
195. Made the Deathrite Dagger’s old skill, Sudden Death, into an Ash of War called Evasive Strike.
196. The Midnight Dagger can now be paired with the Star Shadow for the katana powerstancing moveset.
197. The Cleanrot Knight’s Sword can now be paired with the Cleanrot Spear for the spear powerstancing moveset.
198. The Cleanrot Knight’s Sword can now be paired with the Halo Scythe for the scythe powerstancing moveset.
199. The Ash of War for Ordovis's Greatsword has been sped up to be closer to vanilla.
200. The Club and Stone Club moveset has been sped up to be closer to vanilla.
201. Increased the i-frames of the Star Shadow Ash of War heavy input.
202. The Black Knife now has Soul Burn.
203. The Curved Great Club has been moved to the Husk shop in Roundtable.
204. The Golem Greatbow has been moved to Castle Morne.
205. The Rosus’ Harvester has been moved to the Tibia Mariner in Altus Plateau.
206. The Star Shadow has been moved to drop from Nox Oracle Sadia in Sellia, Town of Sorcery.
207. The Sulien’s Razor has been moved to a mini-boss drop in Leyndell.
208. The Lodestone of Gelmir has been moved to drop from Volcanist Dist in Volcano Manor.
209. The Seething Flail has been moved to another location in Volcano Manor.
210. The Torch has been returned to Kale’s shop.
211. The Axe of Godfrey has been reworked to now be a strength-based weapon.
212. Changed the scaling on the Gargoyle’s Black Blades to be Godslayer.
213. Changed the scaling on the Sword of Milos to be Quality scaling with arcane.
214. Changed the Gilded Greatshield requirement to Quality
215. Increased the critical damage of all unique Night weapons.
216. Dramatically decreased the range of the weapon skill of Daergraf’s Opus (Frozen Lightning Orb).
217. Lowered the poise damage of Leaden Maul’s weapon skill by 20%.
218. Lowered the damage of the summoned skeleton’s attacks of the Rosus’ Harvester weapon skill by 30%.
219. Fixed an issue causing the weapon skill of Sword of the Cyclops to gain too much benefit from weapon buffs.
220. Fixed an issue causing the weapon skill of Rimeheart and Zephyr Blades to not benefit from weapon skill buffs. (Needs community testing) 
221. Fixed an issue where the Reaver’s Odachi would not get duplicated in the Walking Mausoleums.
222. Fixed an issue causing the Walking Mausoleum in Consecrated Snowfields and Mountaintops of the Giants to consume the ability to duplicate from one another.
223. Fixed an issue causing Rosus’s Harvest backstep attack to have unintended skeletal movement.
224. Fixed an issue causing the Star Shadow’s skill to have some unexpected movements.
225. Fixed an issue causing the Guardian Swordspear to behave unexpectedly while idling.
226. Fixed an issue causing the Guardian Swordspear to be invisible to other players while two-handing it during Seamless Co-op.
227. Fixed an issue causing the Guardian Swordspear to do a parry animation in certain situations. Special thanks to @Bruhballs from Discord for figuring this out.
228. Fixed an issue causing the Guardian Swordspear to do the Spinning Strikes animation in certain situations. Special thanks to @Bruhballs from Discord for figuring this out.
229. Fixed an issue causing the Guardian swordspear to display both variants while using the 2-handed Ash of War while not having enough FP or Faith. Special thanks to @Bruhballs from Discord for figuring this out.
